Do you have a favorite Harrison Ford movie.
The Fugitive, for sure.
Oh, yeah. With Tommy Lee.
That guy is so good.
They made a sequel, you know.
Nuh uh!
Yeah, US Marshals.
Huh. Was Ford in that one.
No, but the brought back Jones.
I'm gonna have to see that.
I'm on my way home now, do you need anything from the store?
Bring some popcorn and soda because i'm about to watch a movie i just rented.
Where do you want to go for dinner?
Somewhere where we can also listen to music
kendrick just released the visual to "drink", now on youtube.
oh really let me go check it out.
I enjoy long walks in the Nature Park on a nice day!
That's always a good thing to do. Have you anticipated seeing that new movie that's coming out?
Do you like to cut grass?
Let's just say I have to do it. Do you enjoy Bossa Nova music?
The baseball game got rained out.
That's a bummer. Would you like to watch a movie instead?
Are you gong to see the tupac movie ?
Yes I am because I have been waiting 20 years for the movie.
I'm going to start jogging this week.
Good for you, make sure to bring along some inspiring tunes with you.
My boss wants us to go to a party he is throwing this weekend.
This weekend, but I thought you and I were going to go to the movies this weekend.
When was the last time you saw that movie Signs?
Man, a long time ago.  Why do you ask?
I was just thinking about it the other day.  I really hated the ending.
Which is sad because the rest of the movie is constructed pretty well.
Why on earth would the aliens come to a planet that's 75% water?
Because they are stupid.  That's the only logical reason.
My wife keeps cups of water lying around the house too like the little girl.
Is that due to laziness or aliens?
Both I think.  All I know is that I just keep dumping them out.
The aliens are gonna get you then!
Who is your favorite actress?
I would have to say Nicole Kidman.
I like her as well. I watched a great thriller with her in it the other day.
Really? Do you remember the name of it?
Yes it was called Before I Go To Sleep.
I have been wanting to see that one!
It was really good. I think you would enjoy it.
I also like her co-star in that movie as well.
I did not recognize anyone else in it.
Yes, Colin Firth also plays in it with her.
What is one of your all time thrillers?
The silence of the lambs is one of many
Name 3 of your top choice?
Psycho, Get out, and The Circle
Do you like thrillers more than horror?
I like them both but thrillers are more mind boggling to me
Do you have nightmares after watching these types of movies?
Sometimes i di, and sometimes i just think about them a lot
How old were you when you saw your first thriller and what was it?
I was like 6 or 7 and it was a movie called Magic about a killer dummy puppet, it was pretty scary
Have you seen the new thriller movie Split?
No, I wanted to, buy haven't yet.  Any good?
James Mccavoy is awesome in it.
The previews looked really good.
He was very convening as each character.
I heard it ties in with Unbreakable.
It does, it is a continuation that connects at the end.
Was Bruce Willis in this?
no, but will be in the next one.
I will have to go rent it today.
Did you see they're going to make a sequel to The Strangers?
Hm. I wonder if it will be any good.
The first one terrified me
Did you know it's sort of based on true events?
I did. They filmed it near my house so it extra freaked me out.
I don't like that they keep making sequels of movies though.
I know i wish they would just make new stuff
Have you heard of any non sequel movies?
I think there is one called God Particle
i'll have to watch it.
Have you ever heard of a film called "Vertigo"? I was thinking of watching it again and thought you might like it.
Tell me more - who's in it, and what's it about? I might want to join you.
Do you remember the film we watched last week, called "Bell,Book. and Candle"?
Yes, that chick put a spell on Jimmy Stewart. That was Kim Novak, right?
Yep, and she's plenty witchy in this Hitchock thriller. And Jimmy Stewart is in it too.
Okay, okay, give me the plot line You've got my attention.
Kim Novak plays the wife of on of Jimmy's old friends. There's something seriously wrong with her, and the guy asks Jimmy to watch her for a while.
You mean like tail her? What is he, some kind of detective?
Yes, and one who has just recovered from a serious fall. That's why it's called "Vertigo", and it's got everything- haunting. possession, romance, suspense, you name it!
I think I remember it. She was possessed by the spirit of Carlotta - and yes, it's a great flick, let's watch it now!
You know, Johnny Depp has a lot of thriller movies.
Really? I have only really seen his Tim Burton films.
Tim Burton is part of some.
What are his thrillers called?
Sweeney Todd is a fairly new one, have you seen it?
No, who else is in it?
Helen Bonham Carter.
Is is scary?
It is, both like suspense and thrills.
I love Johnny Depp in anything.
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Lost Highway
That's a great movie!
Yea it is definitely my favorite!
What did you think of the soundtrack
I wore the CD out when I was a kid
Haha!  That's awesome!
Yea we used to play it after every party
A true fan of the movie
Yea, all my friends were!
I remember Silence of the Lambs and I thought it crazy at the time.
Me too. Now it seems so mild in comparison to what is out there now.
I know. I thought Anthony Hopkins was really good in it, but now now it feels over acted.
I know what you mean. When you see Red Dawn and some of the others I have to agree.
Which one was Edward Norton in? He was the detective. Red Dragon. You were almost right.
Yeah, then there was also Hannibal Rising.
I don't remember that one. When did it come out? Did you see it?
I think it was 2007. It's about Hannibal's family being killed and what happened to him after.
So it's the prequel telling you how he got to be the way he was.
Interesting that might be worth checking out. All these movies out of sequence is so confusing.
What's your favorite thriller?
That would have to be Psycho!
I think the best thrillers are Hitchcock films too!
Really, what is your favorite.
The Birds, Rear Window, Vertigo. Pretty much all of them.
Did you ever see American Psycho?
No, who is in that?
Christian Bale.
Oh, he is in some other thrillers, too, right?
Yeah, I think The Machinist is one of the best known thrillers he's in.
Have you seen the movie It?
I think I have, it is creepy.
Yeah, the girl in there is weird.
They worked on that movie for six years.
Yeah I think it is a book by Stephen King.
Yeah, I have read the book.
The book is way better than the movie.
That is usually how it turns out.
I am excited to see the new remake of the movie though.
Me too because it has an interesting plot.
You remember when Halle Berry played a phone operator and she went after a killer?
Yes, and the hostage was calling from the inside of a car trunk?
What about Bruce Willis in the movie "The Sixth Sense."
That was good but I didn't get it until the ending. I couldn't believe Bruce Willis was dead all through the movie.
In a strange kind of way put you in mind of the "Ocean's Eleven" movies doesn't it?
Yeah and I'm not sure which one had more twists and turns. I like movies that make me think.
Well then you loved Samuel Jackson in "The Hateful Eight" didn't you?
It was alright. The best part was when Samuel Jackson cold cocked that lady was handcuffed. (laughs)
You're sick, that wasn't funny.Now what was funny and full of thrills was "The Long Kiss Good night" with Darryl Hannah.
Samuel Jackson was in that one too wasn't he. I don't why but that movie reminds on Jamie Foxx movie "Law Abiding Citizen."
Suggest a decent thriller movie to me.
I thought "10 Cloverfield Lane" was good for how little press it received.
What's it like?
It's a bit of a sci-fi thriller. It kind of reminds me of "The Village".
That's awesome. Is it scary?
I wouldn't say outright horrifying. It is creepy though.
I will add it to my list. Will I understand it if I haven't seen Cloverfield?
Yeah, they actually have nearly nothing to do with eachother.
Really? I always thought it was a sequel.
Not really at all. It's completely a movie that can stand on it's own.
What makes a good thriller movie?
I like thriller movies that have a lot of suspence
Like they make your skin crawl as you wait?
Yeah that's the feeling!
What movies make you feel really anxious as you watch them?
In a good way?
Oh course in a good way! That's why I want to watch it!
Oh okay. I really liked 10 Cloverfield Lane, it makes you want to scream
What's the most tense part of the movie
The whole movie is tense, you don
What's your favorite recent thriller movie?
Probably Black Swan.
Why?
Not only is it a great movie, but the cast and crew are amazing.
Who is in it?
Well, it's directed by Darren Aronofsky and scored by Clint Mansell, a great duo.
Who does it star?
Natalie Portman and Mila Kunis.
Aren't you in love with both of them? Seems perfect for you!
Yeah, that's part of it. But it's still an amazing movie.
Do you remember that movie called Seven with Brad Pitt?
Wasn't Morgan Freedman in that?
Yeah, he was one of the cops. And Kevin Spacey was in it too.
Wasn't he the big bad?
Yeah, he makes a great bad guy.
I think Gwynneth Paltrow was in it too. I only remember she was Brad Pitt's girlfriend and they had a Weimaraner.
Isn't that a dog?
Yeah, but he didn't have big part. It was a good thriller movie.
I remember there was a lot of suspense.
I was kind of shocked at the end.
Have you ever seen Paniv Room?
Oh yea. Great movie.
Jodie Foster is so good in that.
She's good in thriller movies.
Yes she is.
Forest Whitaker played a good part.
He did and so did Jared Leno.
Oh wow,I forgot he was in it.
How about Kristen Stewart too.
She was awesome.
I still think one of the top all time thriller movies was Psycho!
I have to agree with you.
That Alfred Hitchcock did some creepy stuff.
He was the best.
Anthony Perkins was great!
So was Janet Leigh.
Yes she was.
When was that released?
It was released in 1960.
Wow,that long ago?
So do you have a favorite genre in movies?
I love watching a good thriller.
Me to, have you ever seen Trespass?
I think so, who does it have in it?
It stars Nicolas Cage and Nicole Kidman.
I have not seen that actually. What is it about?
Cage and Kidman play a rich couple that get harassed by a group of thugs.
That sounds like it could be interesting.
You will have to watch it sometime and let me know what you think.
I will do that for sure. Thanks for suggesting it!
What's your favorite Thriller movie of all time?
Easy, easy, easy. The Shining, it's such a classic.
Right on. Jack Nicholson is absolutely mad and it's based on a Steven King book.
I remember watching as a kid and having nightmares.
Do you remember what was in the nighmares?
Yes, those twins on the bicycles and of course REDRUM.
I watched it a little later than you I'm guessing, probably 15 or 16, so it was less scary, but my dad told me to watch out for REDRUM.
Did that make it easy for you to understand that it spelled MURDER when you reversed it?
Ha! No, not at all, he had to make that connection for me.
Yeah, I can see how one might get fixated on the RUM part.
Have you seen the movie Inferno?
What was the Inferno movie about?
When was the Inferno movie in theaters?
Was the movie scary?
Was the movie realistic?
Who were some of the characters in the movie?
Where did the movie take place?
Is High Tension very thrilling?
Yes
What happens at the end.
If I told you, it would ruin it
Okay. What is it about?
It is about 2 girls that get caught up in a murderer's killing spree.
That sounds intense
It is very intense
Is it a foreign movie?
I think so.
Do you like foreign thriller movies?
I have not seen too many.
If you like thrillers, it is an nice niche of the genre to get into.
What would you say is best to start with.
I would go with a newer one, like Hunt.
Is it hard to follow?
No, you can get English subtitles.
Does that take away from any of the thrill?
No. It makes it a bit more scary, adds some mystery.
I will have to start looking into them.
Who directed that movie The Killing?
That was Stanley Kubrick
Wow. It is really good.
Yes. The end where the money flies out of the suitcase is intense.
I agree. I felt bad for Sterling Hayden's character.
That movie was unlike any other for that time.
Yeah. The shots were good and the suspense was great
Did it come out in the 60's?
No, the 50's
The 50's had some good thrillers.
Who is your favorite horror movie heroine
Ripley of course
Yes. Aliens is the best.
It feels ageless.
I don't know if I can think of another feminist horror film like that.
It follows had some pretty strong women.
I like that horror films usually do
What about the Descent.
Oh, I love that one
All strong women in caves!
Do you like thriller movies that sort of mess with your head?
Psychological thrillers?
Yes, like Momento.
I love those kind, the ones that make you question your own mind.
I like the ones that make me wonder the star is crazy, or it is all real.
Like Rear Window?
The old Cary Grant movie, yes.
I was so convinced he was crazy for half the movie.
I think that was the point.
I loved the ending, when it all ended well.
Did you see No Country For Old Men?
Yes, it was great. Javier Bardem was amazing in that.
Who did that movie?
That was the Coen Brothers.
Oh nice. Didn't they do Fargo too?
Yes and The Big Lebowski, but my favorite is No Country For Old Men
Who is in that movie besides Bardem?
Tommy Lee Jones
I love him
He plays a cop in it.
I saw Vertigo the other night.
Not my favorite Hitchcock, but good.
I liked the story line.
Kim Novak was so pretty.
Barbara Bel Geddes had a fun comic role.
She was pretty cool.
I liked the scene where Kim Novak jumps into the water.
It was shocking.
The tower scene was very scary.
A dramatic ending.
Have you ever seen Shutter Island?
No I haven't , it looks great.
Yes Shutter Island is a mystery thriller with Leonardo DeCaprio in it.
Who also plays in it?
I think Mark Ruffalo plays in it too.
That one came out in 2010 didn't it?
Yes, but I watched on TNT the other day.
What is the main plot?
Detectives investigate an island asylum for the insane and find not everything is as it seems.
Sounds pretty good, I hope it shows again soon on tv.
Do you like horrir films?
I love them , one of my favorites is the 1st original nightmare on elm street
Are there any stars in the film?
Yes, Johnny depp was in the 1st one and he was really good
Why did you like that movie so much?
I like the story line, how if you go to sleep and Freddy comes to kill you if you don't wake up you can die.....its such a creative story
Do you have any other horror films that you like?
Oh yes, I also like the original Friday the 13th and Halloween with Jamie Lee Curtis
Did you get scared after you watch the movies?
I do, but it's more disturbing than anything else
Do you like Thriller movies?
Yeah sometimes.
Have you seen any in awhile?
Yeah I saw Life.
Who is in that?
Ryan Reynolds and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Oh interesting.
Yeah I highly recommend it.
That is good I will see it sometime.
Good!
what is your favorite Denis Villeneuve movie?
I would pick prisoners or arrival.
Good choices. I think prisoners was very dark.
It is a dark movie. It had me biting my nails almost the whole time.
Hugh Jackman had so much intensity in his performance. It was crazy!
Jackman was good, but I  actually found Jake Gyllenhaal's performance even better.
Jake Gyllenhaal was more out of his typical role or rather look in this film.
Really ever since donnie darko I think of him in a kind of darker movie world.
I guess I see jake as more of a young boy or had until this film.
Here he is  in a role as an adult profession.. police officer/detective. Change from teenage roles like donnie darko.
Did you ever see Fight Club?
Did I? That's one of my favorite movies ever, it's so clever.
The writing is great, the plot, the dialogue, everything.
They even had a great twist at the end.
Finding out that he was actually Tyler Durden, Brad Pitt's character, must have been a shock for him.
Right because he was basically his exact opposite.
I believe he was a mix of all his suppressed desires.
Right, Tyler was everything he wanted to be but was afraid to.
It's amazing how our subconscious works. This movie does a great job of walking us through that type of mental illness.
First rule of Fight Club: We don't talk about Fight Club.
Have you seen the mazerunner movies
Yes, i love them
Me too
They are really good
Yes they are
Im glad they finslly figured out how to get out of the maze
Me too
But they came out to a messed up world
True they might have well stayed in the glade
True
Have you seen mission impossible
Yes, its been a while since ive seen them though
I love them they are so full of  action
I loke tom cruise as an actor
Yes hes a great actor
I want to rewatch them all now
Me too
Time for a movie marathon
Exactly
It would be fun
Have you ever seen Zodiac?
No.  Is it about the Zodiac killer?
Yeah, it's a pretty good movie.
It sounds interesting.  I've read a lot on the Zodiac killer.
Yeah, it focuses on a detective trying to catch the killer.
Sounds good.  Who's in it?
There's a few big names.  Jake Gyllenhall, Mark Ruffalo, Robert Downey, Jr. to name a few.
Wow, I'm surprised I didn't hear about this one.
Yeah, it came out like ten years ago.
I'll need to find it.
Are you into Thriller movies at all?
Yeah I love the Harry Potter movies.
Which is your favorite?
I love The Goblet of Fire.
Me too!
I also like Half Blood Prince.
That was probably my favorite one actually.
Oh that is cool.
Well it was nice talking to you.
Same to you!
One of my favorite thrillers is Taken, have you seen it?
Yes I saw it when it first came out.
Did you like it?
Yes I thought it was great.
You should watch it again.
Why is that.
Liam Neeson is great in it.
Ok yes I do like him.
Yes he is a great actor.
Yes I agree.
Are you a fan of thriller movies?
Not really. I do not find being scared entertaining.
I agree. I did think Alien v. Predator was good.
Oh, I did too! I was not scared by that film at all.
I wish they would make more like that. Many thrillers these days are not entertaining.
I know. They only have shock value.
I would rather watch an old film such as Michael Myers.
Those were the best, even though they were horror films.
Maybe I will put one on tonight.
Keep the lights on!
Have you seen any new thriller movies lately?
I have! I saw 47 Meters Down.
What did you think?
It was very interesting.  But I will say that it didn't make me jump off my seat.
Typical shark movie?
Just a little bit! Mandy Moore did great but the story line was just a little off.
What makes you say that?
For once, who would want to go to shark-infested waters when you're on vacation? I could be sipping on martinis on the beach all day.
I'm on your boat all the way.
I don't know, I just didn't really like it.
Have you ever seen Amusement?
No, is that a comedy film?
It's actually more of a thriller type flick.
What a funny name for a thriller.
Yeah, it's like a series of little horror stories.
What is it about?
Each vignette is about something different. Once is about a clown who kidnaps a babysitter.
I think I've seen another thriller film like that before.
It's based on The Babysitter and the Man Upstairs.
Yes, that's it! What a creepy story!
Have you ever seen any of the Psycho movies?
I've seen some.  I don't know if I've seen all of them.
Did you know that they turned the movies into a series?
No.  Did they?
Yeah, it lasted a few seasons, but it just ended.
Oh, what was the name of it?
It was called Bates Motel.
It follows the same story line?
Actually, it shows why Normal turned into a crazy person.
Oh, that sounds interesting!
Do you have a favorite particular series of thriller movies or one that you truly enjoy watching?
This may not be the answer you were expecting, but I’ve always loved the Scream franchise.
I can believe that. I grew up watching those movies and always enjoyed them as well.
Do you have a favorite movie of the four of them?
While Scream 2 was a good one, I don’t think you can top the original.
I absolutely agree. That first movie had a little bit everything.
Looking back on it years later, do you think there was a good blend of horror and dark comedy?
Definitely. When we were younger, we missed most of it, but now that we are older, it’s great.
To be honest, I do not know many who are not fans of the Scream series.
No surprise there. They aren’t the best ever, but that does not make them any less entertaining.
Did you know Kristen Stewart was in Panic Room?
I didn't know that.  I'm not a fan of hers though.
Do you remember the movie?
I have seen it.   I can kind of tell you what it's about.
I guess you wouldn't have known her enough to spot her.
No, it was before Twilight and everything.
Yeah, it was early in her career.
Who else was in that movie?
I think it was Jodie Foster.
Okay, that sounds right.
Do you remember the movie face off?
Yes I watched it when I was young.
Did you like it?
I think so, I dont really remember it.
It is really a movie for adults.
OK and is it good?
Yes it is very thrilling.
Ok I will watch it.
Its a great and thrilling film.
Ok thank you for the recommendation.
What do you think of thrillers?
As long as they're not violent they're OK. I don't like a lot of violence in a movie.
Neither do I. It's not entertaining to me.
I don't understand why it would be to anyone.
I saw 'What Lies Beneath' and the suspense was great.
That's an older one, right?
Yes, it came out about 15 years ago.
I may have seen it but I can't remember. I think it used to be shown on HBO.
Yes, that's right.
I couldn't believe the ending in that. I was surprised.
Have you seen the 2000 thriller American Psycho will Christian Bale?
Yes, I actually really like that movie and find it quite entertaining.
It is a pretty amusing movie and I really thought the young Bale at that time did a great job.
Not only is it a thriller, there is also a fair amount of dark comedy.
Yes, that is also true. Especially the scene with Paul Allen, that is probably the most famous part of the movie.
Not only that, but the Patrick character was also very interesting.
That begs the question that has never been answered --- was it all in his head?
I have heard that rumor, but also read statements that while most of it in fact was in his head, not all of it.
That's another strong aspect of the movie. Letting the audience decide what really happened.
I agree. It's always good, because he we are almost twenty years later still talking about it!
Have you ever seen Event Horizon?
What was it about?
There was a spaceship and they were having trouble reaching it.  So they sent out a crew.
Did they make it there?
Yeah, but when they did, no one was on the ship.
Okay, but where did they go?
That's what the movie is about.  There is evil or something on the ship.
Wow, this sounds good.  When did it come out?
Probably about fifteen years ago.
Cool, I'll have to look into that.
What is your favorite Hitchcock movie?
The Birds
I love that one
Me too. Did you know there was no music in it?
I had no idea
It was so scary. I had no idea why the birds did that.
I like how they left it a mystery.
Hitchcock does that in all of his films.
What is your favorite part of The Birds?
I like every scene equally. They are all great.
Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes I love James Bond.
Me too. Which one is your favorite?
Dr. No.
So Sean Connery is your favorite Bond?
Yes for sure.
Interesting.
Which is yours?
Daniel Craig.
He is good too.
What version of Batman do you like better...the version with Christian Bale as Batman or the latest version with Ben Affleck as Batman?
Definitely Christian Bale.
I would agree. Not really a super fan of the new Ben Affleck Batman, though he's alright.
Yea. I feel like they should have just stopped after Christian Bale was done playing Batman.
Those movies with him as Batman were so good. Like the best Batman movies ever.
Yea, Christopher Nolan did such a phenomenal job on those movies.
He should just direct every superhero movie ever.
Haha, they would all be so good!
Well we'll have to see if Ben Affleck's version of Batman gets any better with the coming movies.
I hope so. It would be such a waste.
Why don't they make a movie about black widow?
Great question! Because you know it would be a hit.
I know it. But at least we get a black panther movie
I'm so excited for It! He's going to be one of my favorite
I'm excited because it has a cast full of black people
And that's so awesome!
And it seems to keep with culture
And it looks like it's going to have awesome
I wish I could be super hero
That would be super
Have you seen Deadpool yet?
Not yet.  How was it?
So cool!  It swore a bit though.
A bit?  I heard it was nonstop vulgarity.
It definitely earned its R rating.  It's not kid appropriate.
How did Ryan Reynolds do in it?
He was brilliant.  So funny and charming.
Even disfigured?
He's dreamy either way!
Well, I like my men a bit less murderous if you know what I mean.
Are you anticipating any of the new superhero movies coming out this year?
Yes, i can't wait to see the Justice League movie.
I hope they do a good job on it because if not Marvel is going to be dominating the genre for the next few years.
I agree with you but i am totally hype to see Jason Momoa play Aquaman.
Isn't that the guy from Game of Thrones?
Yeah, he's a pretty good actor and i'm glad to see him get a major role in such a big budget film.
Ben Affleck portrayal of Batman was pretty good in the last movie.
I think as the films progress he will grow more comfortable in the role and make it more believable.
Hope Chris Terrio did a good job with the screenplay for it.
With such legendary characters it shouldn't be to difficult at all.
You know what's interesting? Superheroes.
Not particularly. All major cultures have long running myths about superhumans doing good for the mankind.
Like what?
Liker Gilgamesh, the hero of the old world. And Greek mythology? There are tons of examples, not just in western civilization but from eastern ones also
Well I can't think of any eastern ones.
Most of Asian origin stories include a being that they considered to be superhuman, and he began their civilization.
See then, now, it's even more interesting.
How so? I just explained the origin of western superheroes in terms of historical facts.
That's what makes it interesting. Like it didn't all of sudden began in the US with Superman.
Superman is too new to be the beginning of superhero movies. The word superhero was first used in 1917.
I saw that new 'Wonder Woman' movie at the weekend.
Oh yeah? Was it good?
It was, actually. I had kind of low expectations but it was great.
You had low expectations?
I just didn't really care to see it, but it really impressed me.
It's been getting amazing reviews.
I'm not usually one for female superheroes, but Gal Gadot did a great job playing Wonder Woman.
I've never heard of her before.
Me neither, but I think she'll be huge after this. I'd recommend seeing it.
I love superhero movies so I'll be sure to see it, thanks!
If you could be a superhero who would you like to be.
I think I would like to be Superman. I could just fly everywhere I wanted to go and avoid traffic.
Yeah, that would be a great power to have but I would like the super hearing. I would ease drop on everyone.
I am not sure you would want to hear all the things that I say about you when your are not around.
Oh, your so funny. I would take my laser vision and burn a hole in your desk. You would be too afraid to say anything bad about me.
That would be right, but if i had super vision I could see you coming. Who would you want to be.
Wonder Woman, I would use her truth lasso on our boss and ask if we are ever going to get a raise or promotion.
I am not sure it would work on him, he lies so much he thinks he is telling the truth.
Yeah, that's true, but I could also use my invisible plane to fly to work.
Well, make sure you don't run into a flying man with a "S' across his chest.
What superhero movies would you recommend for a family?
I would say the incredibles. It is a super hero family.
I guess each family member would have someone to identify with. Do you think adults would actually enjoy it?
Yes, I do. I enjoyed it myself, many animated films now a days have a lot of adult humor, it may go over the heads of you little ones but still lots for them to enjoy.
I think you have a point, Sometimes now I catch jokes now that I did not when I watched a film as a child.
Me too. I would also recommend maybe the original 90s batman films, batman forever and returns, but maybe a little dark depending on ages of family.
I love those films, ya I think my daughter is a little young still for those just yet.
If you want to appeal to your daughter I would suggest the new wonder woman or kick ass both have strong female role models.
That is a good suggestion. I heard the new wonder woman is wonderful.
Gal godot is great and the film is all around enjoyable.
If you had to choose between batman and superman who would you choose?
Thats a tough one but i think i am going to go with batman
I asked you that because of the movie "batman vs superman: dawn of justice" where the world had to decide what type of hero they needed
Oh i see i didnt really like the movie even though i am a batman fan
Yea i agree, it was too much killing in it but i like how they had a cameo with wonder woman in it
Yea i was really disappointed in the fight scene where batman and superman go at each other
I agree i felt like the whole movie they just complained about each other, i even felt that batman came off as a big bully the entire film
Yea i agree they did make his character unengaged
i really didnt like the way they left people thinking that superman was dead!
Yea we all know superman is not dead especially with the movie "Justice League" coming out theres no jusitce league without superman!
we need some more superhero movies
Is their not enough of them
How can you say that
Because their has been quite alot of them
But that is still not enough
whyyyy
Because their can never be enough
I disagree
And i disagree too
I guess we agree to disagree
Why do you think Peter Parker didn't use his Spiderman abilities to make money more?
He used them to deliver pizza
It seems like there would be some kind of job that he would excel at
Maybe he thought his time was better spent studying
Spiderman couldn't really do web slinging outside of New York
He couldn't do much outside of Manhattan
That's true
If the bad guy crossed a bridge, it seems like Peter would be in trouble
There is not much crime in Manhattan
Yeah, I wonder if he could have gotten sponsored by companies
Do you think they'll make an Auqua man movie?
I'm not sure.
They kind of referenced him in Batman Vs. Superman.
And he will be in the Justice League movie.
True, but I don't know if he'll get his own feature.
I hope so. I really like that actor.
What else has he been in.
He's the lead on a Netflix Original.
Huh...
Also, he was in Game of Thrones.
Did you get a chance to watch the flash on netflix yet?
Yup. I watched a few episodes the other day when I was hungover.
Did you like it? I watched the entire first season a couple weeks ago.
Yeah it was alright. I thought the show's story line was really good but it seemed a little cliche.
What do you mean by cliche? I thought the show was fantastic.
I dont know, it seemed like Marvel was trying to hard to piece together each episode if that makes sense?
I'm still not following you dude, explain.
It justt seemed like the different villians in each episode came into the story really fast and left the story line too quick, Idk just didn't feel much of an attachment to the charchters.
I didn't get that vibe at all. The series really made me feel a connection between everything that took place.
I guess I'll agree to disagree with you on this one my man!
Logan really changed the trajectory of superhero films.
Do you think so?  It was an amazing film, but I am not sure if other superhero films will go the route of Logan.
I truly think that it will influence other films.  The relationship that Logan had with Professor Xavier and X-23 was touching.
It was.  I just don't know if movie studios are willing to take a risk to make their films more serious like Logan.
True.  I don't think that all superhero movies should have the tone but Logan, but it would work for some.
Ultimately, entertaining and amusing comic book films seem to do the best.  Deadpool was much more adult than other comic book films, but it still had a lot of humor.
Yes.  When compared to Deadpool, Logan didn't have much humor at all.
For me, I think that The Winter Soldier had a great balance of humor and seriousness.
That was a well-done movie.  It was essentially a political thriller.
I think if more movies had that tone, then the Hollywood box office would be happy.
I heard there was another X-Men movie coming out.
I've lost track at this point.  They've been producing them for eons now.
Seems like they pretty much tapped the franchise out at this point.
They have so that's why now they're all starring younger people.
I just wish they would start coming out with some more original stuff.
Well, Logan was pretty darn good.
Totally agree.  That was a definite departure from the others.
And pretty sad at the end, but they ended it on the right note.
Hugh Jackman will always be the best Wolverine.
Completely agree.  Can't see anyone else in the role.
What was the last superhero movie that you saw?
I just saw Wonderwoman last week actually.
Oh yea, what'd you think of it? It got really good reviews.
I really liked it actually. It was refreshing to see a female led superhero movie.
Yea, my thoughts exactly. I thought Gal Gadot was perfect for the part.
She did such a fantastic job. Actually all the actors, like Chris Pine, were really good in that movie.
Yea. The only thing I could have done without was their little rag-tag team with the Indian guy, the Scottish guy and the other guy...I don't know where he was supposed to be from.
Yea, they didn't really add much to the movie. I didn't particularly feel attached to any of those characters.
It's like you didn't really have enough time to get to know them, because they're just secondary characters, so you didn't really care too much if they happened to die.
Yea I feel like they just put those guys in the storyline to add some diversity. They didn't add much to the overall storyline though.
Know what's an under-rated superhero movie? The Crow.
With Brandon Lee, who died?
Yes, that one.
Sorry, it's not a superhero movie.
Why not?
It's a haunting or horror movie. He's dead and brought back to life and is now invincible.
So? He has powers.
Not really. He just kicks butt after being revived. I don't think that counts.
I think it does. It's listed as a superhero movie.
I prefer action-horror thriller. It's definitely good, but superhero? No. It's revenge.
Have you seen Batman vs Superman yet?
I have and I loved it. Although I really thought Superman was going to win.
I figured they wouldn't let either one of them win. But in reality if Batman didn't have the Kryptonite as a weapon it would have been all over for him, super suit or no.
That's for sure. I never knew both their mothers names were Martha. That was a surprise.
It was to me too. I didn't like Lex Luthor's son's role, played by Jesse Eisenberg. It's like he tried too hard to play crazy.
Well I don't know, I think he did a pretty good job playing evil.
He did ok but someone else could have done better. I loved the Wonder Woman cameos and how they're building up to The Justice League.
Oh I can't wait for that one. The Flash is my favorite DC character by far.
I'd have to say mine is Superman. I mean, who can beat him?
You're right about that, but I feel that he can be a little selfish sometimes.
What in the world was that thing that Obi-Wan sliced his arm off in the bar?
You need to study up on your details dude. You really don't know?
No man I don't. It looked like some big walrus or something, really ugly.
That was Ponda Baba. He's an Aqualish and a smuggler.
Just like Han huh? What does he smuggle?
I don't know.....spices or something I think. He and the other dude worked for Jabba.
Man, Jabba had a real criminal empire going didn't he?
For sure, he was the Al Capone of Tatooine
Tatooine is one rough place. Either the sand people or one of the Hutts is going to get at you.
Yeah man, it's kind of like the country of Australia. Every living thing that's not human is deadly.
Is Chewbacca an iconic character?
Yes even without his dialogue.
I always fashioned him as comedic relief.
No way thats misguided.
I dont see how, I think he was crucial but not important
That seems like an oxymoron.
In The Empire Strikes Back I think he was important
OK so how do you feel about anything else?
I think he could have been played better
Thats a proposition I dont want to hear about it
Do you think Jar Jar Binks will ever show up again?
In Star Wars you mean?
Where else would he?
Well, Lucas films did have a lot of cameos in Star Wars.
Really?Like what?
Well when Padme addressed the senate, with a vot of no confidence, if you look close you can find Et.
E.T is in Star Wars?
Just for a brief second.
So maybe if they make another E.T movie, Jar Jar could show up?
It is cannon they exsist in the same world.
I wonder where the Jedi *originally* came from.
Do you suppose that they'll answer that definitively in The Last Jedi?
I hope so!  As the last of the nine films oriented around the original Star Wars, there are a lot of questions I hope that they'll tie up!
What I'd like to see is some more force ghosts, like Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker at the end of The Empire Strikes Back!
I think that title -- The Last Jedi -- is actually a teaser: I think we'll actually see Luke *re-establish* the Jedi Order.
Huh. Will Kylo Ren re-establish the Sith too, then?
No, I think we'll really see the end of the *Sith*, not the Jedi Order. I just have a lot of faith in George Lucas' positive vision.
And where does Rey fit in?
Good question!  I think when we find out where *she* came from, it will answer many questions!
I see Luke setting up a new Jedi Order, with Rey at the head of it -- wouldn't *that* be cool!
Who is the most annoying person in Star Wars?
I'm thinking of someone but I don't know if he's really a person
Are you thinking of Jar Jar Binks?
Yeah, that's exactly who I'm thinking of!
What don't you like about him?
He is the weirdest person ever, I hate his voice
I think it is kind of funny, he is just comic relief
I just don't find him funny
At least admit he is unique and a good fihgter in the first movies
Okay, I don't really hate him but I think his character was very silly
do you like star wars?
I love it and george lucas so much.
He really did a great job creating the original movies at least.
You don't like them all?
Not really, The ones george made in 2000s were not nearly as good.
I do agree the original three were the best.
I think DISNEY has done a great job on the newest ones.
I agree, but it makes me sad they are out of lucas's hands.
It is a little sad because he was the creator and mastermind of this world and now being run by someone else.
But he made a ton of money and I think probably happy his universe is living on still.
I just saw Star Wars "Revenge of the Sith" it is still a great movie to watch.
I saw it on TV the other day.
I like all the special effects in all the Star Wars movies.
Yeah,  me too.Have you played any" Star Wars" video games?
No! but I heard they are a lot of fun.
I just love Luke Skywalker.
Yeah, I heard he is suppose to be in" Star Wars 8".
I wonder is Yoda is going to be in episode 8?
That would be cool if he is.
Yeah, we have not seen him lately.
If you could be in any Star Wars vehicle, what would you choose?
Like land or air? Either one is fine?
Yeah, whatever you want!
I would want to be in a pod racer!
Why do you say that?
They go so fast and can even fly sideways!
Would be as fast as Anakin?
Even faster! I'd be the champion!
Who would build it for you?
I'd get the Anakin's rival to make it, he had a cool one!
How long do you think it takes Leia to do her hair?
Ha! I doubt she does it.
Why?
She's a princess, dude!
True.
That must have taken a crew member a couple hours.
For two buns?!
I don't know. I'm not a chick.
Your pretty interested for being so "masculin."
Whatever!
I read that the guy who did Darth Vader's voice got paid a good deal to not do much work.
Do you mean James Earl Jones?
Right.  He only made $7,500 for Star Wars.
That's still decent money for sound work.
Yeah, it only took him 2.5 hours to be done.
Uh, that's a pretty darn great hourly wage.
Yeah, but when you think about royalties and other things he missed out on, it's nothing.
I'm sure he was able to negotiate better terms going forward.
I'm sure he was, just thought it was interesting.
Someone should pay me that much!
Hi
Want to talk about movies
Sure
Star Wars is my favorite
Star wars is one of my favorites too
They have great story lines
Yes they really do
I love all the actors
Yes they did great casting
Exactly
Remember in the star wars movies when luke gets his hand chopped off?
Yeah that was crazy
Or when Luke finds out Darth is his dad
I mean, everyone knows about that
Did you see the han solo got fired
I saw that. from the new movies
yes the new ones.
I like leia organa in those
IT's a pretty great character
Her being a general is the best.
So, have you watched star wars?
Yes I have
What did you think of the prequels?
I liked them but I hear they are not popular.
You must have seen them when you were yound it's mostly nostalgia
I rewatched them and while some of it is cringey I could see what they were going for.
What do you feel that they were going for?
Mostly a star wars with more action
that seems right on the money
you can see it in most of the advertising.
What is the greatest weapon in the Star Wars movies?
The Force!
No, I mean a physical weapon.
Oh, in that case it is Chewbacca's bowcaster.
How is that the greatest weapon?
It's just cool. I mean it's a laser crossbow. How can anything compete with that?
Laser Swords? Perhaps?
Oh, yeah, I guess the lightsaber is really the coolest.
It's my favorite, but you can pick the bowcaster if you want.
Nope, I am switching to Light Saber.
What did you think of Rey in the Force Awakens?
I thought she was great.  I can't wait to see her training with Luke.
Yeah, that will be cool.  Do you think she's his daughter?
Maybe, but that seems like the easy answer.
Yeah I think you're right about that.
I heard possibly her last name was Kenobi and might be his granddaughter.
That would be great as she heard his voice when she first grabbed Luke's old light saber.
Yeah, that was a crazy scene too.
Speaking of crazy, her fight against Kilo Ren was cool
Yeah, her Force powers must be off the scale to over power him like that.
It's funny how they use working titles when making films.
Not sure what you mean.
For instance, instead of calling it Star Wars, they'll call it something different like Blue Harvest.
Guess what the working title of the second prequel was?
The Search for More Money?
It was actually Jar Jar's Big Adventure.
That's funny and creative all at once.
It was a tongue and cheek reference to that vilified character.
It may not have been worse than Attack of the Clones anyway.
Very true!
How do you feel about the new Star Wars movies?
They're alright, I guess. Although I've only seen the Force Awakens and not Rogue One.
How'd you like the Force Awakens?
It was ok. I am more of a fan of the very first Star Wars trilogy.
Did you like the characters and the new storyline at all?
It was interesting to see what happens after Darth Vader was killed and how there's pretty much another Darth Vader in training.
Yea, it was such a surprise when I found out Kylo Ren was Han and Leia's kid.
Yea, I would have never guessed that.
I felt like that actor did a good job though of playing that part.
Yea, I was kind of skeptical at first, but I really enjoyed his performance.
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
I liked Empire Strikes Back
What about that one is best?
It's best because we get to see Luke being trained
That was a great thing to see
It was a complete transformation of a character
Do you think Luke should have gone to help his friends?
Yes, it was the right thing to do
What was your favorite scene in the movie
I liked when Darth Vader revealed he was Luke's father
Who is the best fighter in all of the Star Wars galaxy?
Yoda of course!
Would he beat Vader in a fight?
I'd love to see that! I dont know who would win
I think yoda would win, but after a long right
Why do you say that?
Vader is stronger but Yoda is more agile
True, Vader would be better at first but then get tired
Yeah that's why Yoda can only win in a long battle
I wish I could see a fight like that!
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Luke Skywalker, who's isnt?
Well thats a very expected answer, but mine is Obi Wan Kinobi.
Why?! He just dies and doesn't really do anything useful.
He was very useful actually.
Oh, how so?
Well if it weren't for him Anakin would have never turned into Darth Vader.
Doesn't that kind of prove my point?
No, because with Vader there is no major antagonist.
That still doesn't make him useful.
It is universally acknowledged that "The Empire Strikes Back" is the best Star Wars movie.  Do you agree?
Yes, clearly.
What's the worst Star Wars movie?
The first 2 prequels.
I tend to agree, although recently I watched "The Return of the Jedi," and it was pretty bad.
Really, I remember liking it.  Of course, I was a kid.
It shares many of the bad tendencies of the prequels: cuteness, too much (bad) dialogue, fuzzy action.
I thought "The Force Awakens" was a return to form, and may even be the second or third best of the films.
You'd put it ahead of the original?
I think that argument could be made.
Who's your favorite character on Star Wars?
I really like Master Yoda.
Yeah, he was awesome.  So small but powerful.
And Frank Oz was brilliant as Yoda.
He was.  He speaks a little odd though.
Yeah, so wise but can't seem to put a sentence together.
I loved his fight scenes though.
Yeah, right before he came in I was just thinking how awesome Yoda might be.
We were not disappointed either.
Nope, he's a stud with a light saber.
I wa thinking about doing a Star Wars marathon this weekend.
That sounds cool. What order?
I haven't decided yet. Release order or numerical order, what do you think?
I'm a traditionalist. I like to start with A New Hope.
That's how I usually do it, but I was thinking about starting with The Phantom Menace.
Do you have the original movies or the remastered ones?
Both! I collect every DVD as soon as it comes out.
Me too. Plus I see them in theater as soon as they open.
Same here. I only missed one of them, and that's because I was a baby.
Lucky you.
Do you watch star wars?
Yes i loved the movies
Me too
The force awakens is my favoite
That one was good
What was your favorite
I loved the clone wars
That was my second favorite
That one was pretty good
Yes i enjoyed it
Ugh, I hate all the hype about Star Wars.
What? You don't like Star Wars?
I hate it! The movies are so bad.
Are you kidding? Have you seen them all?
No, Just the one's that came out in the 90s.
Oh, those one's were pretty bad.
Yeah, they were awful.
Well you should try watching the old ones, or the new one that came out in 2015. They were so much better.
Really? I kind of figured they were bad too.
No, the 90s one's were awful but the new one especially is really good.
The Star Wars movies had a seriousness about them.
Yes, they did.
Even though they were entertainment, they were serious.
George Lucas was a big part of conveying that.
Lucas really developed his characters.
I think the character development was one of the best things.
All of the movies had continuity.
Yes, they all flowed well.
The new installments aren't as good as the old.
Disney has kind of downgraded the franchise somewhat.
I heard they got a new director for Episode VIII.
Really?
Yup.
But Abrams did such a great job.
He usually does.
Guess they just wanted to change it up.
I guess. I hope it's as good as the first.
We'll find out soon.
He didn't direct the last Star Trek either.
What is up with these studios?!
How many Star Wars movies do you think they will end up making?
As many as can be profitable.
That's kind of cynical, don't you think?
I'm just sick of seeing another movie franchise being sold to the highest bidder, and then being squeezed for every penny it's worth.
I don't think it's as bad as all that, because I can see some creativity in these new movies.
I guess they are still entertaining, and it will be nice to see what another director can do with the characters and world of Star Wars.
Yes, J.J. Abrams is a competent science-fiction guy, so I put my trust into him.
I agree, but I think that some of his stuff like Lost didn't finish well.
Well I'm on board for these movies just to see how Luke Skywalker figures into the new plot.
I'll admit, it was very cool seeing Mark Hamill play that role again.
The original trilogy is the only Star Wars canon, hands down!
No way, the new movies are just as canonical as the older stuff.
Are you saying Jar Jar Binks is canon?
He's not the greatest character, no, but he is canon.
"Not the greatest"? He was so annoying!
His people thought that, too.
They were right. I would've killed him off.
But he did have a part to play, and he became an ambassador later.
It didn't stop what happened.
He did what he could.
Did you know they are doing a Han Solo movie?
I was unaware of that.
Yeah its supposedly just going to be focused on just him.
I think this ruins Star Wars.
Why?
Because the plot needs to be linear.
So you dont like spin off types of movies?
No I think it gets hard for a fan to keep up.
Well its not like a show where you need to keep up with the way the plot moves.
Yeah I mean I know you have time but I think its all a bit wrangling.
What is your favorite piece of tech from Star Wars?
The light saber.
Besides that!
Probably the All Terrain Armored Transport.
Which one?
The AT-AT walker.
Oh, that's what that stands for.
They look like big dogs.
That's why you like them?
No. Just an observation.
Was General Grievous a Sith warrior?
Not quite.  He was just trained in certain Sith aspects, but he wasn't a Sith.
But he was trained by Count Dooku, wasn't he?
He was, but as mentioned in the previous movie, there can only be two Sith.
Oh, a master and apprentice, right?
That's correct.
Even if he wasn't Sith, I think Grievous was pretty interesting.
He had biologic parts, which is probably why he was Force sensitive.
Do you think he was a better villain than Count Dooku?
With that, I'd disagree.  Christopher Lee did such a terrific job portraying the Count.
What other Star Wars spinoffs do you think they should do?
Aside from Rogue One and the Han Solo movie.
Right.  What other ones should they do?
I would actually like to see a Yoda origin story.
That would be pretty cool.  Nobody knows where he came from.
It would obviously be heavily CGI, but the fans would dig it.
I don't think Disney has that on the roadmap though.  Think he'll come back in any of the next few movies?
As a spirit?  Doubtful, I think they've moved on from him.
He was so cool in the last prequel battling the emperor.
He does have some impressive moves.
Do you want to watch Return of the Jedi tonight?
Sure, I love that movie!
I think it's a great ending to the original Star Wars trilogy.
What's your favorite part?
I think my favorite is when Leia tells Han that Luke is her brother.
My favorite is when Luke defeats the Emperor.
And the Ewoks are so cute!
Yeah, I'm sorry they changed the ending music! I miss the Ewok song.
It was great to see a happy ending for everyone, and to see Darth Vader get redeemed.
Yeah, after watching the prequels, that was really good to see!
So you know, Greedo shot first.
Um, says you?
Come on.
No really. The original Star Wars trilogy, without the new special edition, is what counts. And Han Solo clearly shot first
The THX remastered version?
Yes, that is the definitive account of Star Wars. Nothing else matters. No CGI'd aliens, not Jar Jar Binks, none of it.
OK, but doesn't that make Han kind of a scoundrel?`
Of course it does. That's what Han is. That's why it's significant that he later finds the good inside and helps the rebellion.
Man, you really take this stuff seriously.
What can I say? I'm a Star Wars purist.
Did you see the news about the Han Solo movie?
There's a Han Solo movie?
I... well, uh. Not yet.
Oh Lord. Disney is really milking this, huh.
I dunno, maybe. But it looks like it's... in trouble, anyway.
Oh no. A spin-off movie nobody asked for is in trouble.
I mean. It... could be kind of cool. We don't know anything about his early life.
Isn't that kind of the point of him? Why do we need to know any of that?
Because... he's Han Solo. I mean, he's the best one.
I'm assuming Harrison Ford isn't in this, right?
So do Han and Leia ever have a child?
Well they cant now
Right but in the time between the 6th and 7th do you think theyll write in they had a child?
Sort of like how Luke found out he was Vader's child?
Exactly, can you see that happening?
It would be too easy of a plot line.
I think Rey would serve as a good one.
I dont think they would pick that low hanging fruit.
Could you see them having a child on the dark side?
That would be more of a probability for this film series
What part of Star Wars stick with you?
The first shot of X-wings diving toward the Death Star as that fanfare plays.
A good thought, the finale of Episode four.
Yes, another for me was the Victory Celbration at the end of four.
A down point for me was six. The Ewoks was to get an even younger audience involved.
True, that was dissapointing.
Whtn Episode One came out i was elated! Two was even better.
What did you like about two?
Well, just the city life...... it kinda reminded me of Washington DC in the 60's. Super large living spaces, large living room windows.
I thought that as well.
Hey, did you have any disappointments with The Force Awakens?
You mean besides Han Solo dying?
Yeah, besides that.
Well, I felt the whole Leia and Han's son going to the Dark Side was kind of unoriginal?
What do you mean? I didn't see that coming.
You remmber the now no longer canon Expanded Star Wars Universe.
Yeah, so what about it?
In that universe, Jacen Solo, the oldest son of Leia and Han, went all Dar Side as well.
Oh, so you mean that having a kid of Han and Leia go bad, had been done before.
Yes, just not in the movies, but the books.
Who is your favorite character in Star Wars?
Luke Skywalker.
How come he is your favorite?
Because he is a Jedi Master.
But aren't there other Jedi Masters in the prequels?
Yes, but in the original movies, we got to see Luke grow in the force.
Do you think Rey can also become a Jedi Master?
Of course because the force is strong in her.
Do you think she is related to Luke?
I sure hope so because that would make the next sequels very interesting.
I think Rogue One was a great example of taking an obscure but vital reference in A New Hope and turning it into a dynamite action film.
I disagree. I think in filming Rogue One they were straining for plot ideas.
But just think of it: it's the archetypical story of a group of misfits who sacrifice themselves for high ideals.
I have to admit that you're right about that. And Jyn certainly makes a compelling character.
Of course. She's the classic hero figure who finds her calling and sacrifices everything else to fulfil it.
Maybe, but I don't like the ending. It's too harsh; Everyone gets killed.
They make the ultimate sacrifice. What's wrong with that? And isn't it awesome at the end that the story ties in to giving the Deathstar plans to Princess Lia?
Yes, it was nice to tie it in to A New Hope in that way. But the way they used CGI to simulate Carrie Fisher didn't work well.
I know. For me too that kind of spoiled that final scene. But I have to look at it in perspective. They did the best they could.
Maybe they did. At least it did successfully link this movie to the series.
Hey, are you going to see the new Star Wars movie this December?
You mean "Star Wars: The Last Jedi?"
Yeah, it looks really good, i think.
Yeah, I watched the trailer last month and it got me really excited about it. I hope we find out who Rey's parents are.
Do you have any theories?
Um, I'm leaning toward Luke being her dad, but I dunno. That seems too obvious.
Yeah, I read an article online about her being a Kenobi.
Really?? That sounds cool. That would make Obi Wan Kenobi her grandfather?
Something like that.
Wow, now i'm really excited to find out when the movie comes out. Let's go see it together!
Have you seen any of the Clone Wars series?
Yes, I have seen most of them but not the last season.
Oh nice, are you planning on finishing it?
I want to, I just haven't found the time.
You should! The animation and production quality of that show got better and better each season.
I agree, it was a really well made show.
By the time they got to the sixth season it was a master piece of animation.
What is your favorite episode?
I have to say if I had to pick one it would be the one where Ashoka gets framed for killing the prisoner and the council disowns her.
I loved that episode too, I think there were several about that part of the story.
So midichorians are basically mitochondria, right?
Yeah, ugh. I guess that's not... too well-hidden.
What's the theory there? Mitochondria produce all the energy for cells, right?
Yeah, but... I don't know that this bears much scrutiny.
Bear with me, though. So the midichlorians produce an energy that's present in everyone, but Jedi are busting with the things.
Okay, so... this is sounding a little like Parasite Eve now.
I guess, but -- no. I'm saying that Jedi are just pumping out this heavy aura of energy on a cellular level that, if trained, can do all kinds of wacky stuff.
Okay. So... I guess that's kind of reconciling the Episode One business with the original explanation then?
Yes, exactly! I mean, sort of. Everyone embodies the Force, and theoretically could learn to control it -- but Jedi are sort of freaks who produce way more of the Force, so when they're trained it's way more effective.
There's a weird class issue here, or maybe even a eugenic model, that disturbs me on a pretty deep level.
Do you have to watch the Star Wars movies in order?
I'm not sure. I've only seen the first one.
I think I'm going to start from the beginning.
I can't get into the older ones. The special effects are so bad.
Maybe I should watch a new one first.
Rogue Wars was great! I was on the edge of my seat the whole time.
Is that your favorite?
Yes, for sure. It was really amazing.
I guess I'll start with that one. If I can't get into it, I quit!
You will love it!
I just saw Star Wars IV.
Wow, the first Star Wars.  Who was your favorite character?
Carrie Fisher as Princess Leia.
Mine was Harrison Ford as Han Solo.
I liked the Death Star storyline.
The Obi-Wan Jedi business was cool too.
I thought it was silly to use light sabers.
Yes, very hokey.
Darth Vader was mysterious and dark.
I liked how he got away, getting ready for the next movie.
How many languages did C3-PO speak.
"I am fluent in over 6 million languages."
Did he speak dork?
Huh?
That's what you seem to be fluent in!
Jerk! I just love Star Wars!
I know. Just yankin' you crank.
I'd appreciated if you didn't.
Oooh. Sensetive.
I do a Jedi Mind Trick on you!
Did you hear about what happened with the young Han Solo movie?
No, what happened?
They fired the directors.
Why did they do this?
Creative differences is the official reason.
Didn't they already start filming?
They sure did, I not sure how much they've done.
Hopefully it still will be a good movie.
Woody seems to think it will be good.
That's promising. Fingers crossed.
Did you see the new star wars movie?
The force awakens?
Yeah.
No I did not. Did you?
Yes I did. It was great.
How was it to see carrie fisher and harrison ford back?
It was amazing! I loved seeing them back.
How were the new actors?
They were alright.
Yeah I figured.
Have you heard about the latest rumor for episode 9?
Is this is about the crazy fan theory concerning Darth Sidious and Supreme Leader Snoke?
No, this is an even crazier rumor!
Oh really? Please, do tell!
The newest crazy theory is that Supreme Leader Snoke is actually Ezra from the Star Wars Rebels series.
Ezra? Isn't he pre-episode 4 and a good Jedi in training?
Well, the rumor goes that Ezra loses everyone by Empire and gets trapped in the Unknown Regions while being pursued by Thrawn. He gets corrupted by the dark side and becomes Snoke.
That's a pretty crazy theory. Do you have anything to back it up?
Nothing solid, just rumors on social media.
That's too bad. It's a pretty crazy idea to have Ezra turn dark and become Snoke.
Who's your favorite Star Wars heroine?
I don't think that any actress can top Carrie Fisher as Princess Leia, but I have enjoyed the new female leads too.
Yeah, Daisy Ridley's portrayal of Rey in the new movies has been really good I think.
For sure, she's a great actress and fits the Jedi role perfectly. She's tough and likable at the same time.
I really enjoyed the relationship between Rey and Finn as well. Can't wait to see where that leads.
I know right, December can't come fast enough! I can't wait for the new movie.
What about Natalie Portman? What did you think about her as Anakin's love interest?
She was ok. The Star Wars movies that she was in were not my favorite, but she wasn't bad.
Yeah, my thoughts as well. Rey is my favorite new female lead, but Princess Leia will always be top of the list!
All this talk of Star Wars characters makes me want to have movie marathon this weekend and watch them all again!
Did you hear about the new Han Solo movie?
yeah, i'm already scared it's gonna suck
don't you think donald glover could save it, though?
i guess! he's a pretty good actor
the casting for han isn't bad, either.
I GUESS, but you know what i really want?
no, tell me!
a princess leia movie
oh, heck yeah! that would be cool
i want to know HER origin story, you know?
Do you have any theories on who Supreme Leader Snoke actually is in the new 'Star Wars' trilogy?
I have no clue.  Weren't there rumors about it being Jar Jar Binks?
I think those were more jokes than actual rumors.
That's a relief to hear.  What are some of the main theories?
Well there is one that Snoke is actually Darth Plagueis.
Wasn't that the name of the Emperor's master, mentioned in the prequel series?
Yes it was.
But how would Darth Plagueis have survived if Palpatine said he was killed?
That's a good point.  It is just a rumor I heard.
Well, I like that rumor way more than the Jar Jar Binks one!
Did you see any Star Wars in theatres?
Yes. I saw the originals.
Was it a lot different.
Yes. There were not any updates back then.
I love the originals.
Me too. They are well done.
Do you like the new ones?
Not really.
Same here. I wish they could make another great film like Star Wars
Me too. It is such a cool idea.
Did you like The Force Awakens?
I haven't seen it.
What! Why not you love star wars!!
I LOVED Star Wars. The original first three. The "prequals" sucked.
I don't know, I liked The Phantom Menace.
Of the three prequals The Phantom Menace was the best. The 2nd one was boring and the last one felt rushed.
Rushed how?
I felt like they were in a hurry to wrap up the whole Darth Vader is Luke and Leia's father and then goes to the dark side. Poor story, poor development.
I guess that makes sense, i hadn't thought of it that way.
Sorry to ruin it for you.
Who was the guy who voiced Darth Vader?
Oh man, I think you mean James Earl Jones.
Yes, that's who I was thinking of.  Did he come back for Rogue One?
I believe he did.  He'll always be the voice of Darth Vader.
You can't fake him.  He'll never be replicated.
It is possible they could just recreate his voice from computers.
If they had to, sure, but hopefully nothing ever happens to James Earl Jones.
Darth Vader might be done anyway.
Yeah, they will probably move on from the character anyway.
That's what I'm thinking as well.
So, what was your favorite Star Wars movie?
I love the original Star Wars from 1977.
Wow, that's my favorite movie as well.
I love how it establishes the universe and sets the tone for everything to come.
I actually like the characters the best.
Who's your favorite character?
I love Darth Vader because he's so deliciously evil.
I'm a Han Solo man myself.
It's too bad he died in the new movies.
It felt like a fitting end of the character to me.
Do you ever wonder if R2D2 would be jealous of BB8?
Why would he be?
BB8 has greater mobility and way more spunk.
Yeah there's no way R2D2 could have navigated those sand hills in The Force Awakens.
I think R2D2 can hover though, so maybe he could have just hovered over them.
Nah, he would have gotten so much sand in his gears.
True, plus his hovering abilities are pretty substandard.
They came in  pretty handy when he was stuck in that swamp in Dagobah though.
BB8 is still superior I think.
Well he's the millennial's R2D2 so of course he's improved.
How many of the Star Wars movies have you seen so far?
I have seen all of them!
Even the cartoon ones?
No.  I guess I have only seen all of the blockbuster ones.
Which one was your favorite?
I loved Empire Strikes Back!  It was so intense.
I kind of liked Rogue One, Just because it was a break from the old story a little bit.
I loved that story too!  Especially the romance parts.
Diego Luna is definitely a good looking guy, his accent is fabulous.
Felicity Jones was awesome as well in that movie.
I can't believe Kylo Ren killed Han Solo.
That was a devastating scene.
I wonder if Kylo will redeem himself before the trilogy ends.
I'd like to think so.  Redemption is always a powerful device in film.
Do you think he is too far gone?  Han's murder may have been the moral event horizon.
It very well may have been, but maybe Kylo will team up with Rey against Snokes.
That is always a possibility.  It seems as if they are building up Snokes to be the main villain.
And we still don't know what the deal with Luke is.
Do you think Luke may have nefarious plans or intentions?
I guess we will find out later this year when the next movie comes out!
How do you think it felt being Han Solo frozen in carbonite?
Oh man, I don't even like to think about it.
What if he was awake the whole time, but just couldn't move or open his eyes?
That's a creepy thing to even think about.
I know, but he was in there for a long time.
How did they keep him alive without being able to eat?
It's a drama in space and you're worried about how someone stuck in a rock ate?
I mean, it's a valid question.
I suppose you're right.
What if they just fed him a really big meal to tide him over until he got out?
Harrison Ford was awesome in Star Wars!
I know, I am so sad that he was killed in the newest one.
He must have made a ton of money from those movies, he could have stopped acting!
Did you know that in A New Hope he only made $10,000?
That is insane! Was he very famous at that point?
Not completely. But still, it wasn't very much money.
Well it definitely made him more famous so it was worth it!
He had so much chemistry with Carrie Fisher as princess Leia.
I always kind of thought that they didn't have any chemistry at all.  It was always fighting.
That was kind of the appeal though, they weren't perfect.
How did you like the new Star Wars movie, The Force Awakens?
I liked it a lot, but I think the plot was so similar to A New Hope that it felt more like an homage than a new movie.
Yeah, I thought that too a little bit, but I liked how they added so much more diversity to the cast.
Yeah, that was great, but I hated seeing all the internet trolls complaining about reverse racism and reverse sexism.
Ugh, for sure. What is it about the internet that seems to bring out the worst in people?
I think the combination of the Star Wars Universe and the internet can be a bad combination sometimes.
How so?
So many people have loved these movies for so long that they have a hard time accepting changes to their favorite childhood impressions about them.
Like the huge controversy over whether Han shot first, right?
Exactly!
I think that The Empire Strikes Back was the best Star Wars film. How about you?
Most definitely, Irvin Kershner added some darkness to the series.
I would have to say that Kershner was the best out of all the Star Wars directors.
I would agree, Lucas is probably my number two favorite.
I hope as the series continues, we see some darker storylines similar to Empire.
Yes, tragedy needs to remain a part of the ongoing saga.
What do you think about Han being killed in The Force Awakens?
I was disappointed. He was my favorite character.
Yes, mine too, they killed the coolest dude in the galaxy.
At least Chewbacca lives to carry on his legacy.
Do you think Rey is going to end up being Luke's daughter?
No I dont see that as a plausible end
They could flip the script on all of us!
I think you have a better chance of Jabba the Hut being a human.
True, I just wish they would have more plot twists.
I think Finn and her may end up together
So it could be like a Leia and Han type of thing.
Yeah I wish Han was in this one too.
Well they sort of cant do that.
I hope this wraps up some storylines though.
Was Yoda your favorite character in The Empire Strikes Back?
Yes. He had a lot of depth and was quite entertaining.
That scene in the swamp was very memorable.
I loved that film cause I did not know what was gonna happen next.
Yes. Luke's journey was really cool.
What did you think of Han Solo's journey?
I thought it was good that he was being hunted.
I agree. That added a lot to the suspense.
I was sad when he got frozen.
Me too. That scene was very depressing.
What do you think about the Star Wars: Rogue One Movie.
I found the film a good story and a really great use of technology?
What do you mean by real world?
I mean using body doubles and CGI to recreate characters such as Tarkin and young Leia.
That's interesting.    What about the story of the temple?
The temple is still kind of a mystery.    I am interested to learn about the crystals.
What is known about them from the other movies?
Khyber Crystals are known to power lightsabers and the Death Star.
Wow!     So there is no real explanation of how they relate to the Force?
No, we will have to wait to learn that information.
Hey, do you have a favorite Star Wars movie?
Yeah, The Empire Strikes Back.
Okay, any particular reason why that's your favorite?
I love the snow battle with the AT-ATs and the airspeeders.
That is very good, anything else.
Well, Luke and the fight with the wampa in the ice cave is a pretty good scene.
That was great, did you feel the additional footage with the CGI wampa was an improvement?
It was and it wasn't.
What do you mean?
On one hand, the monster was a bit scarier when we couldn'
How many Star Wars movies are there?
I would have to say 8, including The Force Awakens and Rogue One.
I've seen two of them. Revenge of the Sith and Attack of the Clones.
So you've never seen any of the ones from the 70's?
No but I've been making it a point to watch them. What's your favorite of the originals?
I'd have to say Return of the Jedi. That's when things got real.
Oh yeah? Well is it necessary for me to watch them in chronological order?
I would say that's your best bet so that it flows seamlessly for you. The storyline I mean.
Oh ok. Is it true that James Earl Jones does the voice of Darth Vader?
Yes! He's such a great voice actor. One of the greatest of our time.
Do you like Star Wars movies
Not really, I'm more of a Star Trek fan
Really? Almost everyone likes Star Wars
Nah, I thought it was too corny for my tastes
Are you crazy? They have great story lines and characters.
Really? Like Jar Jar Binks.
Well he was the exception
And ewoks?
Hey, they were great characters and cute.
Yeah, right. I beg to differ.
When was the last time you watched the original Star Wars trilogy?
I watched it a few weeks ago with my daughter.
Which was her favorite movie?
She liked Return of the Jedi best.
I bet she thought the Ewoks were cute.
She loved the Ewoks, and the big celebration at the end of the movie.
I never liked Return of the Jedi. My favorite was always A New Hope.
Why did you like that one?
I just liked how it brought me into this brand new universe.
I know what you mean. I loved it when Darth Vader first walks on-screen.
What did you think about the new take on the Star Wars universe presented in the Force Awakens?
It was done well, but it was a bit too similar to New hope in many ways.
How do you mean? How were they similar?
Rey is on a desert planet very similar to Tatooine and a lot of other things are very similar between the two movies.
I can see that. But I really enjoyed how they personified a storm trooper this time.
Yeah that was very unique. I didn't expect to see a storm trooper using their own will.
Do you think Finn has some Force sensitivity?
There haven't been special indications of it, but there is always a possibility.
Would you like to see his story line progress further?
It could be interesting but I'm always more interested in the mystical part of the Force and the characters most affected with it.
Hey, what did you think of the Phantom Menace?
It was okay, but it's could've been better.
Yeah, it could've been. Did you know that's why Geroge Lucas started Star War's at Episode IV rather than I.
No, is that true?
Yes, George was afraid that Episode I wouldn't grab the audience strong enough to succeed, so he moved forawrd to Episode 4
Well, that seems to have been a smart move on his part.
Yeah, but I think part of Phantom Menace's problem was casting Anakin as a little kid.
Really, you think so?
Absolutley, when Obi-wan talks to Luke about his father, he was soupposed to have been "the best pilot in the galaxy and a cunning warrior".
Oh, I see. How could a nine year old slave kid be that?
Man, Rogue One is such a messy Star Wars film.
In a good way though, right?
I don't know. It just feels disjointed.
What's disjointed about it?
For example, they spend most of the first act looking for Saw Gerrera, and then he tells Jyn her dad is alive, and dies.
So? He provided useful information?
Information which the characters already knew. He doesn't do much at all, besides eat up time.
But he also tortures the Imperial pilot guy. So there's that.
Yeah, and the pilot gets better immediately. Nothing seems to much matter until they decide to go to Scarif to steal the Death Star plans near the end of the movie.
I suppose the movie may have benefited from a little extra time in the writer's room, maybe.
Do you agree with what some people are saying? That The Force Awakens was nothing more than rehashing of A New Hope?
I mean clearly there are a lot of similar themes there. But overall, I think that that's exactly what fans needed.
Oh really? How so?
well we needed to wash the bad taste of the prequels out of our mouths. We needed to see some of our old favorite characters, we needed familiarity to get back on board.
I can see your point there. So you don't think they should have done anything different?
I don't think I would have changed a thing honestly. A lot of people didn't like The Force Awakens, but I thought it was great.
I can see your point on the nostalgia front. I would have tried to change the storyline though, make it different.
Have you heard how people are ragging on Kylo Ren for losing to Rey in that fight? I think people are being silly about it.
Why do you think that? I think he acted like a wimp.
Consider these facts; He took a Chewbacca blaster bolt (which we'd already seen decimate two stormtroopers earlier), survived the destruction of that temple thing, got damaged in the shoulder by Finn, engaged in two prolonged battles and still barely lost to Rey. I think that was impressive.
So, what did you think of  Rogue One?
I don't know, I didn't really like the beginning at all.
Yeah, I agree, the first half hour of the movie was really slow.
Yeah, and it seemed like there were four different beginnings all just bolted together.
Well, the special effects were cool.
Sure, everything in the movie looked really great, I just thought the plot wasn't that great.
Well, they had to wrap everything up because it was a prequel but none of the characters are in any of the original movies.
Sure, but why not just have the characters ride off into the sunset instead of killing everybody?
I don't know, I guess they wanted to make sure nobody would be expecting sequels.
I guess. I'm excited for the next side story movie, though.
What do you think will happen in episode eight?
I know the Kylo Ren is coming back.
Is general Leia going to be in it since Carrie Fisher died?
Yeah.  I think I remember reading how she finished all her parts before she died.
Do you think we'll find more information about her family?
Yeah.  Maybe she is Luke's daughter.
Luke seemed really depressed in the new trailer for episode eight.
I know.  It's weird that he wants the Jedi to end.
I wonder if Luke is going to be moving around a lot.
Yeah.  He definitely is showing his age.
I just saw Episode VII for the third time.  I like it more each time I watch it.
I see.  And what do you like so much about it?
I like how the movie pays a lot of homage to the original Star Wars from 1977, A New Hope.
Indeed it does.  I like that you get to see what finally happens to Luke, Han and Leia after so many years.  I always wondered.
There is also a good mix of old and new characters that keeps the story exciting.
Yes.  Is there anyone you hope to see in the next two Star Wars films, Episodes VIII and IX?
If somehow Boba Fett could show up in some scenes, I would be forever grateful.
I agree with you there.  And what do you think, at the end of the day, makes Star Wars so special?
Well, behind all the glitz and glamor and flashy CGI and marketing, there is still something profound.  There is a deep sense of human nature, what we consider heroic, and what we consider our weaknesses weaved into the films.  Luke is such a classical hero.
I think you're right.  I think that's why the movies have such an effect on all age groups and across different cultures and backgrounds.
Have you seen all the Star Wars movies?
All but the latest one.
I haven't seen that one either, I was going to ask if you thought it was good.
I heard it was really good and I want to see it.
Do you want to watch Star Wars The Force Awakens together?
Yes, I would like that.
What do you think it's about?
I'm not sure I heard it's quite a few years in the future after Luke and Vader.
I wonder if any notable characters will be in it?
I'm sure some will be.
What is your favorite Star Wars scene?
I'm going to have to go with, "Luke, I am your Father."
Really?
Yeah. What a great plot twist.
True. It almost made up for the movie being so boring.
You didn't like Empire Strike Back?
No. Return of the Jedi is my favorite.
That was a good one. But mine is still A New Hope.
Very excellent film, but not my favorite.
Who knows, maybe there'll be a new favorite in the next trillogy.
Do you prefer the prequals or the original trilogy
The original
I liked them both, they were different
They prequals used the green screen too much
There were some cool shots done digitally, but some parts should have been kept the same, like yoda
Some of the enviroments could not have been done in the 70s.
They need to use the green screen as little as they can
The ships should not be cgi
I hope they are not afraid to add some interesting characters in the new films
It has gotten a little monotenous
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Mine is Master Yoda.
What do you think of Star Wars since Disney took over?
I think they actually did a great job.
Did you like the movie Rogue One?
I like how it's explained how the plans to the Death Star were obtained.
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
I would have to say the Empire Strikes back.
I would have to agree, although I can't wait for the latest movie.
Me too, I hope it's explained if Rey is Luke's daughter or not.
do you like the clone troopers
yes they are like my favorite
do you ever wonder what their armor is for
i know right the armor looks cool but it does not seem to protect them from much
its kind of sad that they seemed to be nothing more then slaves
i dont know if you could call them slaves more like a product
but since they are living thinking bieings how can we just say they are a product
well since they was created in a lab its not much different then producing alot of other products
i wonder what happen to them after the clone wars
ive been wondering about that as well because in the force awakens they are no longer any clones around
You know, people mock Lucas for turning Star Wars into a cash cow, but the truth is I loved playing with the characters when I was little.
Oh yeah? You had the action figures?
Yeah, pretty much all of them. I could name all of the jedi characters.
Who was your favourite?
Adi Gallia, a Tholothian. She was a general in the jedi army.
Did she ever show up in the movies?
Yeah, in a few scenes. She's in the jedi council when Anakin auditions, and then she's in the Revenge of the Sith.
Cool, it must have been great to see her on the big screen!
Well, not in the third movie. She shows up in Order 66. I got to watch her die.
Wow, I bet that made that scene so much more powerful; that's rough.
Lets talk about movies
Great
What do you like?
I like star wars
Me too
What is your favorite movie?
I like the empire strikes back
I love that one
Which one is your favorite
The force awakens
What did you think of Supreme Leader Snoke?
I thought it was some weird CGI creep.
True enough, but I love that actor.
Who played him?
He was voiced by Andy Serkis?
Who's that?
Gollem from Lord of the Rings.
No way!
Yep. Such a good actor.
I'll have to watch it again Precious.
I think A New Hope might not be quite as good as Empire, but it's top three and definite more important.
Agreed all the way.  Star Wars changed the way we see movies forever.
A New Hope also had the second best story line, maybe Rougue One could give it a run for it's money.  But it's a long shot.
Yes, Especially when you look to old copies when Han shot first.
Totally important.  It changes the character a little.   Now he has a little more goodness he didn't have and his turn around isn't has exciting.
Han has always been one of my favorites.
Him and Chewy, the ultimate bromance.  I love those guys.
I know, I was sad when he died.  But when I heard Chewy cry it almost made me cry.  They've been together so long.
I wonder what will happen to Chewy now?  He's one of those long time characters that just means so much.
I'm looking forward to seeing how they met in the Han Solo movie.
I was so excited about the first new Star Wars Movie.
Why is that?
There were several reasons, not just one.
Such as?
I was excited about the stars that I remembered from childhood being a part of them.
I enjoyed this also, though I am much younger than you.
Why do you have to remind me of this? Princess Leia was my favorite.
I enjoyed her too, and it's too bad that she won't be around for the premiere of the next movie.
Yes, I cried when I heard about Carrie Fisher's death.
She was an inspiration.
What did you think of the new Disney star wars?
It was OK I guess, but not as good as the hype.
Really I thought it was awesome, what didn't you like?
Well it was basically a retelling of the first movie.
I don't think it was a reboot, there were new characters.
Maybe not a reboot per se, but a re-marketing to a new generation of fans.
There was a bit of marketing overload for it I guess.
And the older characters just seemed shoehorned into the story.
The effects were still awesome though.
Yeah and Rey was a good character, hopefully the next one is better.
What's your favorite Star Wars movie?
Return of the Jedi for sure!
Mine too! There are so many cool parts in that one.
What is your favorite part?
Of course it's when Princess Leia is held captive by Jabba the Hutt.
Whew! That is good, but I like when Luke gets trained by Yoda.
Train you, I will!
I love that little green creature. He can fight too!
Do you think they'll ever finish that saga?
I sure hope not.
what is your favorite Star Wars movie?
To me the original Star Wars was the best. You?
I loved Return of the jedi. So many of the films are great though.
Is that the one with ewoks?
Yes it is . They are so cute. I love all the scenes with them featured.
They are cute. I feel no other star wars movie has that aspect in them.
Well I think they tried to do another cute funny character with Jar Jar Binks but that flopped.
Ya what a failure on that character. He was so annoying. What were they thinking?
George Lucas probably wanted some kind of comic relief just not well realized.
Certainly wasn't. I do enjoy the majority of the other Star Wars characters.
Do you think there is a chance for Kylo Ren to turn back to the light side like Darth Vader in his final moments?
I don't know. I mean I wish he did, but we all know what he did to Han Solo.
Yeah, that was brutal coming from his own son.
His facial expressions during the last fight with Rey were interesting.
It looked like he was questioning himself.
There's also the fact that his mentor is some powerful being.
Yeah, he sounds more powerful than the Sith Lord from the original trilogy.
I wonder if Rey or Luke Skywalker will be able to get through to Kylo Ren.
I would love to see that happen!
I can't wait for the next movie to come out, I want to know what happens!
Hey tell me about some of your favorite movies?
Sure i can if you want
I most definitely want to know your favorites
I am not much of a movie person but my favorites are star wars
I am not to fond of them myself
Why not
Well i prefer Star trek?
i think the production values are bad by comparison
Well i guess
And the lore is much worse.
Well, I think of it as profit sharing.
Well, the movies are made by a bunch of staff also. What about them?
They get paid upfront, at least, as far as I know.
Well, they should also get paid a share of the profits as the revenue grows.
That's not how their guild is organized, I don't think. Besides, a lot of them are happy with the arrangements
They're stupid. What their union, or guild, or whatever need to negotiate a mandatory percent profit sharing with the movie makers.
There's not a movie maker who will agree with that i don't think. let alone the "George Lucas" Though he's made ton of money off Star Wars. Total over all the films in the series they made over 7.5 billion and it's growing everyday
That's a ridiculous amount of money off just one series, rehashing the same story over and over.
Oh no you didn't. The series is an epic retelling of good vs evil, not merely rehashing of the same story.
Yes, but the motifs are the same in all the trilogies. The original was good guy revealed, bad guy loses, bad guy strikes back, and good guy wins. That's the same way with the prequels, sequels and the anthology. It's just the same thing over and over. 16 films total about the same thing.
Want to watch the next Star Wars movie?
What's it called?
Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
Wow that sounds so hype. I want to watch it now!
Yeah, it actually comes out this year. They're really hauling it in the production studios.
Or greedy for money. I hope they don't ruin it.
Well the first two were pretty solid, and set up the third one pretty well.
See that's the thing. There's so much setup they could ruin it.
True. But I'm still going.
Oh yeah same. Let's go together.
Hey do you play video games
Sometimes i do
Do you play any liscened ones ?
Sure from time to time
What is your favorite star  wars game?
Well it depends on what type of game
Out of them all?
Well then i could pick only one?
What one?
Knights of the old republic of course
What did you think of Roque One
I thought it was pretty awesome
Yeah, it was really good, even thought you knew the end game.
They, based on the original movies you know everyone dies, but it was still good.
Did you like "The Force Awakens" also
Yes, they finally got back to what Star Wars really is.
I liked most of it.  Parts of it were stupid.
Which parts were that?
When the girl, who didn't know she was a Jedi and had never trained, beat up Kylo Ren
Yeah, that part was a little lame.
Someone told me you love Star Wars Episodes I, II and III... WHY?
Because despite the poor performance in II and III, the set the tone for the later years...
Give me two reasons why they're better than the original films. I bet you can't!
I didn't say they were better. Just that they were great. I'll give you two factors that are improvements over the originals though. Number one: the CGI effect allowed for more creatures, more beautiful landscapes, more action than ever before.
Okay, I'll give you that one. The Naboo landscapes were gorgeous, and the underwater Gungan City were phenomenal. Reason number two?
It showed the origins of Anakin Skywalker, and the real reason why he turned to the dark side in the other films.
The real reason? Do you mean that he turned to the dark side when Padme was killed?
No, no, that's not what I mean. I mean, Anakin was never supposed to be a Jedi. He was never supposed to be good. It was only the love he received from his mother, from Qui-Gon, Padme and Obi-Wan that made him conflicted and want to be good. It was these warring factions inside himself that caused the emotional battles that ultimately brought balance to the force by his coming full circle.
I don't know what to say. I'm speechless. Great points. May the force be with you.
And also with you.
Did you like Bobba Fett from Star Wars?
Yes, he was a great character, but when he was introduced in the Empire Strikes Back he did not have that many scenes.
I agree. I wish they gave him more screen time. Even in Return of the Jedi, he did not as much time on screen as he should have.
I was really upset when he fell into the Sarlacc pit in The Return of The Jedi.
I thought that was terrible, also. Jango Fett, who was Bobba's father in Star Wars: Attack of The Clones, had a really cool look to his armor because it was nice and shiney.
Yes, but Bobba, I felt, had a better looking armor because it was more worn, like he had seen a lot of battles.
They both looked completely the same because Bobba was a clone of his father.
That's true because Bobba Fett and the Clone Troopers were clones of Jango.
Bobba Fett was closest to Jango because Jango didn't want him altered like the Clone Troopers were.
yep because Jango wanted a son and someone who was just like he was. Bobba and Jango were great characters and I wish they would have lasted throughout the entire second trilogy and they would have shown Bobba become a bounty hunter.
I am not sure if i still like the old movies as much as the old ones?
Why not
The old ones seem kind of dated
You are crazy
No i am dead serious
Well then you sir are insane
Well if you think so
How could you like the travesty better
Which one is the  travesty
How dare you now know!
Which movie is your favorite out of the Star Wars original trilogy?
I definitely love Return of the Jedi the most out of the three!
Why do you like Return of the Jedi more than the other two movies?
It is because it is the final showdown between Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader/Sith Lord.
I think the final fight scene between Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader/Sith Lord was awesome!
So do I! The special effects back then were amazing!
The Sith Lord's lightning powers were very cool to look at.
I especially love when the Sith Lord was thrown over the railing.
I was shocked that happened because I thought it would be Luke Skywalker or Darth Vader to die.
So was I, I had to watch that scene a couple more times.
So have you heard about the devil's blood?
what is devil's blood?
you don't know what devil's blood is?
I just have no idea.
It's a very famous rock band from netherlands.
Oh, I never heard of them.
Trust me, they are very famous.
I guess they are not that famous here in america.
I would say a lot of americans know about them.
Then maybe they are not very famous in my neighborhood.
Hey, do you listen to metal?
Yeah, a fair bit. Why?
I'm looking to get into it, but I don't know where to start. There are so many genres!
Well, you could always start with the big four of thrash. They were my gateway into metal.
The Big Four?
Yeah, Megadeth, Metallica, Anthrax, and Slayer. My personal favorite is Megadeth, but many people like Metallica. They're kind of like beginner's metal.
Yeah, don't they get played on classic rock radio nowadays?
Yeah they do, but I'd recommend their albums from the '80s. They were pretty heavy and technical back then.
Ok, I'll check them out. What else do you like?
Lately, I've been listening to a lot of progressive metal, like Symphony X and Dream Theater.
Who is your favorite rock artist
I'm a big fan of KISS
Wow, thats very old school. Why do you like them
I was raised on their music through my dad, so it's all nostalgic to me. Plus they sound great
I've never really heard of their songs though
Are you a fan of hard rock
Yeah, I guess. Never get a chance to listen though
I recommend I was Made for Lovin' You. It's a classic
I'll have to listen then
It's one of their most famous songs
I saw Kaleo live the other day and they were amazing.
Oh is that the rock band from Iceland?
Yup, you probably heard their single Way Down on TV.
Yeah I remember hearing it in an episode of Lucifer, how was it live?
That song was great but their whole set was spectacular.
Oh wow that's great to hear.
They played Thursday night at Firefly Music Festival and they were the best set of the day.
I can imagine hearing their blues-rock style live in a festival setting would be cool.
Oh it was, their solos and riffs were giving off great vibes.
If they come around locally I'd be down to check them out with you.
Do you like Metallica?
Yes
Are they your favorite rock band?
One of them.
Do you like all of their stuff?
No. Their early stuff is what I like.
Like Enter Sandman?
Yes.
Have you ever heard Unforgiven?
Yes. That is another classic and it's one of my favorites.
Were you able to watch that new documentary about The Eagles?
Sure did! My dad and I watched the entire thing a few nights ago.
No way! I watched it with my dad also, he's a huge Eagles fan.
I think any man born in the 1960's is an Eagles fan. Their music is still amazing today. What's your favorite song?
Hard choice but I really enjoy listening to Life in the Fast Lane. It gets me pumped when I'm riding my motorcycle.
I love that song too but Hotel California is still my all time favorite.
I think both songs were released on the same album.
Indeed they were. The album is called Hotel California. It was released in 1976.
If I'm not mistaken, that album is one of the greatest selling albums of all time.
With 32 million copies sold world wide, I'd say you are correct my friend.
Are you into rock music?
Totally!
What artist?
Nickelback.
Oh no don't tell me that!
They are good!
They are way to mainstream.
Then who do you like then?
Rolling Stones.
Oh come on, they are way too generic!
Do you like Metallica?
Yes they are one of my favorite rock bands.
What is your favorite song?
Enter Sandman, is a great song.
It is? Don't you remember what song we played at my sisters memorial?
Wasn't it Brown Eyed Girl?
That was at the end. What did we play at the beginning?
I'm not sure, was it a Metallica song?
Yes, it was Nothing Else Matters.
Oh yes, I remember now. It was a perfect song for her.
To bad about chuck berry dying.
Yea,another rock artist gone.
Yea,he was a true rock legend!
Boy was he a pioneer or what.
That he was.
How about that song my ding a ling!!
Hahahahah,crazy stuff but a big hit.
I know,out of the norm but it worked.
It did work.
He was talented but troubled
Do you like rock and roll music?
Yes, I do.  I like older music better than some of the new stuff.
What is your favorite group or band?
It would be hard to pick just one but I like AC DC.
What is your favorite AC DC song?
My faovrite song by AC DC is "For those about to rock".
Have you ever been to an AC DC concert?
I've only been to one AC DC concert and that was about 25 years ago.
What's another band or group that you're really fond of?
I like Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
What's your favorite classic rock band?
I would probably say it was Led Zeppelin.
They were really great and made great music.
Yeah my favorite song from them is Black Dog. Great song. Mine is Mist Mountain Hop.
Wouldn't it be great if they played a final concert?
Sure except that John Bonham is dead.
True but his son Jason plays the drums and could sit in his place.
That would be a pretty amazing concert to see.
It sure would be a packed stadium for sure.
I hope it happens one day soon.
So is U2 going to have a new album soon or what?
Not sure.  I keep hearing they will be but nothing ever happens.
The last album was pretty critically-panned.
For good reason.  They threw something out there without really making a good record.
Kind of reminds me what they did with Pop.  That was garbage.
Oh yeah.  Remember Discotheque?
Don't remind me.  What were they thinking?
I guess they were trying too hard to be different.
Just stick with the classics.  Everyone loves Joshua Tree.
That's an album I still listen to.
What do you think of The Who?
Love them! One of the best rock bands ever!
I agree a hundred percent!
Roger Daltrys voice is pure rock!
True rock voice. None,better!
Love reign oer me!!
One of my favorite Who songs.
Ever see them live!
Yes. Four times in my life.
Wow,I saw them once.
Bob Dylan is probably the greatest songwriter ever.
I don't think there's any debate.
He's pretty much written a good percentage of every classic song.
He's still making some pretty good music.
I haven't heard any of his latest stuff.. So it's pretty good?
Yep, you'll never have another classic, but it's quality stuff.
How's his voice sound?
You can tell he's getting old.  His voice flutters a bit.
Guess that's bound to happen when you're pushing 80 years old.
But at least he's still out there doing it.
Have you heard of the band Blue October?
No, what genre is it?
They are an alternative rock band
Oh, I love Alt rock. What songs do they sing
You might know their song Hate Me
Oh I know that song! It has such deep lyrics, I love it
Yeah, it's about the lead singer, Justin Furstenfeld's, drug problem
Are all of them deep?
No, their song Calling You is pretty fun and light hearted
i'll have to check it out
Is Sum 41 still a band?
I dont remember them doing anything after the song Fat Lip
That was a huge pop hit
I would say it was rock
You could say it was pop punk if you wanted.
Yeah I just remember the video for it was pretty good.
It was an anthem at the time.
So they dont tour anymore?
I think they do just their fanbase is older.
Its a shame because they sounded like they could write a huge hit.
Nirvana is the most overrated band ever.
No joke.  I don't know why they were so popular.
They were kind of the first grunge act so they had first rites to it.
The thing about Nirvana is they really don't have many memorable songs.
'Smells Like Teen Spirit' is all I ever hear.
Me too.
I think they were only as popular just because Kurt Cobain committed suicide.
It probably helped them achieve their notoriety.
Had he not killed himself, I think they would have kind of just died out like most acts.
Yeah, I agree with you.
Any good new bands out there?
I've been listening to a band called the I Don't Cares recently, they're pretty cool.
That's a good name, I've not heard of the.
It's actually a collaboration between Paul Westerberg and Juliana Hatfield.
I know who Juliana Hatfield is but I forgot who Paul Westerbeg was.
He was the lead singer and guitarist for The Replacements, then he made a few solo albums after that.
Oh Okay, I remember him. I really used to like his music but haven't heard any of his in several years.
He's still great. He's a very underrated songwriter I think.
What's the best song by The I don't Cares?
My personal favorite off of their album in a song titled King of America. It's really a good song, you should check it out.
Who is the greatest rock band of all time?
Is that a question or statement?
Oh, haha.  Yeah, the Who is pretty great, but I don't know if I'd say they're the greatest.
There are a lot of contenders, but my vote goes with Led Zeppelin.
I would definitely agree with that-- I loved how their sound evolved.
Yeah, they started with a very bluesy sound, and ended up being a precursor to heavy metal.
What's your favorite Zeppelin song?
I'm going to go with the Rain Song.
Great choice.  Best Album?
I'll say Led Zeppelin 4, also known as untitled, sometimes wrongly referred to as Zoso.
Dang, rock seems to be dead today!
You are wrong about that.
Why do you say that?
I am going to see At The Drive-In today.
That band is still around?
Indeed. You should get some tickets.
I don't know if I have money. Do they have any new music?
Yes they do. They just made a new album.
I think it might be worth checking them out. I loved them back in the day.
So did I. The new album is just as good as the old stuff.
What defines a rock and roll band?
I guess it's just a matter of opinion. Modern, classic, new age?
Right, there are so many catagories.
I love classic rock. We just seen an Aerosmith concert on tv last night.
Oh wow, how did they sound?
Pretty good. Very entertaining.
They have so many good songs.
Yes they do. Steven Tyler swore so much, I was shocked.
Not that it bothers me but I agree sometimes language in rock music can get back.
It's just not nessesary. Classic rock didn't have so much vulgar words.
Do you like Megadeath?
Not relly into Metal.
You should give them a listen.
It's not screemo is it.
No. Old school metal.
I might.
I have most of their albums.
Any one in particular you'd reccomend.
I like 'em all.
I'll have to come over and check them out.
Metallica has 3.4 million follwers on twitter
Wow thats a lot of followers
Amd they only like 37
Thats funny
They should like more than that
I abree they should support their fans
And make them feel important
Exactly
I wonder who the 37 people are
Me too
Do you like classic rock?
What do you consider classic rock?
You know, stuff from the 60's and 70's.
Oh - yes, I really enjoy classic rock.
Who are some of your favorite bands?
I really like The Beatles, The Who, The Rolling Stones, and Led Zeppelin.
Can you tell me some of your favorite songs from The Beatles?
Sure, I really like one that is lesser known called You Won't See Me.  And another oldie, Please Mr. Postman.
Please Mr Postman was a cover by the Beatles.  Do you know who did it originally?
Maybe not originally, but I do know it was done by the Marvelettes in the 60's.
What do you think of Radiohead?
I think they are one of the most important bands of our generation.
Why do you say that?
Their sound and lyrics were groundbreaking and influential.
Who is the singer and frontman for the band?
His name is Thom Yorke.
He is from England, isn't he?
Yes, have you heard about his side projects?
No! He is in other bands too?
Yes! Check out the group "Atoms for Peace"
Aerosmith has to be one of the best rock bands of all times.
Yes, they are up there at least in the top five.
One of my favorites is Janie's Got A Gun.
What album is that from?
That was on the album Pump.
That one had a lot of good songs.
Love in an Elevator was on that too.
I loved that song.
So don't you think they are the best rock band.
Still have to say top five.
Bon Scott or Brian Johnson, who's your guy?
Has to be Brian Johnson. His voice is the best.
Yeah, but my favorite AC/DC song is It's a Long Way to the Top so I'm going with Bon Scott.
What happened to that guy anyway?
He vomited while sleeping and choked to death.
Dude, that is tragic.
I know, it's an absolute shame how many Rock artists have died from drinking and drug related deaths.
Brian Johnson was obviously the band's saving grace.
How did Angus Young come up with that little hop he does on stage?
Beats me, but he's been performing like that for 40 plus years now. It's awesome.
Do you know many bands from Seattle?
Quite a few actually. What kind of music are you interested in?
Rock music! I love vintage rock music.
In that case, you would probably love bands like Nirvana, Soundgarden, and Pearl Jam.
All of those bands are from Seattle?
They sure are. They were part of the grunge scene.
That's amazing. And they all rose to fame around the same time?
Correct. All of these bands had a lot of success and radio play.
I know Nirvana well, but I'll have to learn more and listen to Soundgarden and Pearl Jam.
Black Hole Sun is my favorite Soundgarden song. You should check it out.
Childish Gambino is an incredible rapper.
I have never heard of him before.
You should check him out. His early songs are some of my favorite rap songs.
What songs should I listen to?
Try the song "Bonfire" first. His verses are amazing.
What is Childish Gambino's real name?
His real name is Donald Glover.
Is that the same Donald Glover that is an actor?
It is! He both acts and raps.
That is impressive. What a talented individual.
What is your favorite era of rap?
I liked the 2000's because we had artist like Jay Z, Kanye West, Nas, Eminem and Lil Wayne.
I like the 90's because we had Tupac, Biggie, Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg.
I love all eras except today's era.
I agree, people like Migos and Lil Uzi are ruining the genre.
One thing in rap that hasen't been lost are the samples, they make for great songs.
I love samples in rap music!
California Love and Mo Money Mo problems are my favorite samples.
Rap isn't dead because we still have some guys that are making good rap music.
Yes and those guys and girls will be legends just like the people from the 90's.
Will Kanye go down as the best?
Late Registration as a great album
Things fell off around 808 and Heartbreak
The album was a departure from rap.
Right so it sounded silly.
I agree that he should have kept his focus around rap.
His personality wont be forgotten.
How about his legacy?
Might be that of a whiner.
Sure thats not what rappers get into the game for either.
So, how do you like rap music?
I love it, Snoop Dog is the best to ever do it.
Really? I would take a lot of other rappers over him.
I love his style, who do you think is better?
I would say Tupac, Eminem, and Jay Z just to name a few.
They are all talented, but Snoop can flow like nobody else.
Have you ever listened to Eminem's tracks?
I recently heard Lose Yourself. That was a good song.
Yea that one always gets me pumped.
I would love to see him spin something with Snoop.
Who is your favorite rap artist right now?
I would say Jay-Z. I think he is amazing.
I do love his music. I wish he made more of it though.
I heard he has a new album coming out this month.
Really? That would be fantastic.
I know! His raps are so genuine and easy to relate with.
I agree. I also really like his rap style. He keeps it somewhat slow.
He does. He definitely has his own flavor to his raps. You always can tell it is him when you hear it.
I really like that about his raps. He stays true to himself.
I can't wait to hear what he comes up with next!
What song was considered to be the first rap song?
Oh, that was Rapper's Delight.
Who was it that released that?
Sugar Hill Gang, of course!
Oh, yeah, I remembered the band, just not the group.
Yeah, I had to think about the name of the song, but I knew the group offhand.
When was the song released?
It was in the early 80s.  I might have even been 80.
It was such a fun song to listen to.
Yeah, and it was a lot different than anything at the time.
Do you have a favorite rap artist?
I do. I think it would have to be Kendrick Lamar.
Man, he is such a great rapper.
Yea, I like his music, but I also like the message behind his words.
True. He is so talented and makes good music.
Yea, I just bought his album Good Kid M.a.a.d city on vinyl and can't stop playing it.
Oh man, that is a great album. I love the song Drank.
You mean Swimming Pools?
Yea. That one. Also, Bitch Dont Kill my Vibe is such a nasty, but great song
I couldn't agree more.
Man Lil wayne is such a bad rapper
I know right
He gives modern rap a bad label
Yeah it is like he is a big joke
Pretty much he is the joke though
Yeah i cannot stand his voice
And he cannot even use his unaltered voice
I know even those who use autotune can do it
But not him right
Yep exactly
Hi.
Hello.
Do you listen to a lot of rap?
I wouldn't say a lot, but I do listen to some.
Who do you like?
Rapper wise?
Yeah.
Drake is pretty good.
Yeah sure he's not bad.
I can listen to a few of his songs and not hate it.
Hello.
Hi.
Are you interested in rap?
Yeah I like rap alright.
Do you like the new rap that is out now?
No I don't really like it at all.
Why is that?
It all sounds so similar.  Rappers all sound like each other with a few exceptions.
Who are the exceptions?
Probably Drake and Kendrick Lamar.
When was the last time we got something from Kim?
Lil Kim? She just released a new mixtape.
No kidding? What's it called?
Lil Kim Season, but she also released Hardcore 2016.
Hardcore 2016? Does it sample her debut?
I mean, not really. It's kind of a tribute in name only.
Would you say they are worth checking out?
Honestly, no. The production on it is really rough.
But didn't she just hook up with Bad Boy again?
Yeah, but only on a short term basis, I think.
Have you heard Kendrick Lamar's new album?
It's crazy good, Kendrick always delivers!
Yeah, it's a little bit behind his last album overall for me, but it's still better than 99% of everything else out there.
"DNA" is such a jam, and I like the video too.
Don Cheadle is in the video, right?
So is Schoolboy Q.
I'll go with "Humble" as my favorite song on the new record.
My favorite part is the chorus, it sounds like he's saying "Biyombo" instead of "Be humble"!
It would be an even more amazing track if it was actually about Bismack Biyombo.
He should do that for the next album.
Do you like newer rap?
No, I think the 90's stuff is untouchable.
I agree. The new stuff does not have a good sound.
Back in the day we had Ice Cube and Easy E and Eminem
They put out tons of classics
Ueah, the new stuff just does not have a very musical feel
Yeah, it doesn't have good beats.
Do you like Soulja Boy?
I'm not a fan. I prefer the oldies like Dre.
yeah, Eminem and Easy- E were very special rappers.
What's you're favorite rap group ever?
Mine would definitely be Lost Boys. Their song Renee just gets me every time.
Mine would have to be Mob Deep. I think they're the most influential one ever.
Mob Deeps cool too. I can't believe Prodigy is dead now.
I know right! Such an awesome rapper.
Still though Lost Boys are my favorite. Why can't rappers be like them anymore? I miss the stories these guys tell.
I know. I don't care how much money you lie about having, or about your gold necklace.
HAHA! Yeah, I'd rather be told a story and entertained. Not Hearing about your gold teeth.
Whatever happened? I don't get these guys now a days!
What I really don't understand is the people who keep buying this new garbage!
Do you remember MC Paul Barman?
Yeah, I used to listen to him when I was a teenager.
What was your favorite song of his?
I loved "Anarchist Bookstore Part 1."
That's a great song. So is "Anarchist Bookstore Part 2" by the way.
I also like "Talking Time Travel." I found that song very amusing.
Did you know that Questlove says Paul Barman is one of his top five rappers of all time?
Seriously? That's pretty crazy.
I know, I couldn't believe it when I heard him say that.
Well, Paul Barman is definitely very unique. You have to give him that.
So what did you think of that new Young Thug album "Beautiful Thugger Girls"?
I freaking loved it! I think it was his best yet. What did you think?
I liked it but it's not my favorite of his.
What's your favorite Young Thug album or mixtape?
Mine is still "Barter 6".
Ah, that is my second favorite by him. Did you happen to listen to the new 2 Chainz album too?
Yeah! I really like that one. "Good Drank" was my favorite song and "Riverdale Rd" was my second favorite.
I really wasn't feeling it all that much. I thought the lows were pretty low.
Yeah, I can see that. By the way, check out Let Me Breath by Action Bronson when you get a chance. That joint is fire.
Ok, I'm always down for some new Bronson. Can't wait for that Blue Chips 7000.
Who is your favorite rapper from Atlanta
Easy, I would say Ludacris.
Why Ludacris?
His lyrics and flow was awesome.
True, I think he was way ahead of his time.
I agree, he was from ATL bad has an New York flow.
I think he is very underrated.
That is not an understatement, he never got the credit he deserves.
Why didn't he get the credit he deserves?
I think it was because he was a south rapper in an era of a lot of rappers from New York.
So, what do you think of Meek Mill?
He gets some bad press but I think he's one of the best lyricists out there.
I agree. I haven't found an album by him that I don't like.
I get a sense of realness from him. I believe he's lived what he raps about.
Definitely. He's really believable.
"Dreams and Nightmares" is one of the best club songs ever.
My jaw was on the floor the first time I heard that song.
When the beat switches, it's so intense.
That whole album is really good.
I only listen to maybe five songs off of it. They're all good, though.
Are you a fan of hip hop?
I am but I don't like the new stuff they're playing on the radio.
It's terrible in my opinion. I think it stopped being good in the early 2000's.
That is definitely when it started going downhill. I do like Kendrick Lamar though.
Right he is one of the few exceptions of good hip hop artists today.
Also the old school artists who are still going strong like Nas. They give hip hop hope.
I love Nas. I heard he's with Nicky Minaj now.
Really? Well that's not really a surprise, he was with Kelis who doesn't seem like she's a fit with him.
it's just that he's a conscious rapper so you'd think he'd be more selective about who he's with.
Well I heard she's a really nice person so that might have something to do with it.
I think the most dreamy rapper ever was LL Cool J.
Yes oh my goodness!
Time has only made him even more good looking.
I totally agree. Which of his songs do you like the best from way back when?
I loved his song "Doin It". Talk about romantic and mood setting.
I really loved that song.
When did that song come out again?
I think it was around 1995 or 1996.
Yes that's right. I remember I was 9 when it came out so it was 1995.
Oh okay, that sounds about right.
Were you more of an Snoop Dogg or Dr Dre person?
Absolutely Snoop Dogg, was never huge into Dre.
While I would disagree Dre as a whole, I'm a fan, would still agree overall
Yeah Snoop is classic, oddly enough I think the stuff he did with Dre was better than either of their stuff alone.
Oh yeah absolutely. Gin and Juice is essiential.
Renember when he went by Snoop Lion briefly?
Sure do, not sure what he was thinking.
Yes it was bizzare, I'm glad it didn't last though.
Likewise, it seemed like a bad gimmick.
Could'nt agree anymore with you.
Who would you say is the most influential rapper
In my opinion, it has to be Eminem
Really? Why him?
Well he broke so many boundries in his day
What does that have to do with his music though?
Well all of his struggles really show through in his flow and his lyrics
Yeah that makes sense. Can you recommend me an Eminem song?
White America has a pretty deep meaning
Wow i'll have a listen
Trust me, you'll be blown away by his flow
You know who used to be super popular that you don't think about anymore?
Who is that?
Lil Jon. He was wild.
Yes I remember him! He always worse sunglasses.
Yep. I think it was actually Lil Jon and the Eastside Boyz.
Yes they rapped that one song "Get Low". That used to be the jam.
I would play that song in my friend's dorm room and we'd dance to it.
Those were fun times.
That's the kind of music you listened to if you wanted to get hyped up.
Yep, fun times!
Would you ever listen to the new Jessie James?
I dont even know that rapper
Yeah hes on a minor label.
What does he sound like?
Yelawolf and Eminem combined.
Wasnt Yelawolf on Shady Records?
Yeah Eminem loves his white rapper
I dont know if hes making those decisions
He definitely is since he puts his name on it.
Did he even produce a cd? I heard from him but never heard a sound from him
Who's your favorite hip-hop star?
Uh... Puff Daddy?
Puff Daddy? You know he hasn't gone by that name in something like ten years
Which tells you how big a fan of Hip-Hop I am.
Hip Hop is cool. You should give it a chance.
Nope. I won't pay someone to cuss at me and tell me how I should go out and have sex with sluts and kill cops. No way.
Very, very few hip-hop songs talk about killing cops.
Guess how many country songs talk about killing cops?
All country songs are about trains, trucks and your woman leaving you.
Hey, at least they're not killing cops or doing coke or screwing hoes.
Which artist is your favorite rapper?
I don't know that I can choose just one, but I'd say that I like 90's hip-hop best.
Like Tribe Called Quest and Naughty by Nature?
Exactly.  I do like some of the more serious rap as well, though.
Anyone in particular that I should consider?
Wu-Tang Clan, of course, Dr. Dre, Jay Z and Nas are all favorites for more hardcore rap.
I see you're more of an East Coast fan than West Coast, would you agree?
Yeah, I'd agree I skew East Coast.  Mostly, I like good beats and I like when people have fun or are sincere and lyrical.
So do you like the new hip-hop artists that are more focused on social and political issues rather than gangster issues?
Like Drake, Kendrick Lamar, and J. Cole?  Yeah, those guys are all great too and they kind of throw back to the 90's.
Hey.
Hi.
Do you like Hip Hop?
Sure.  I'm not a huge fan but I'll listen to it.
Who is your favorite rapper?
I would have to go back to the 90's.  I always liked Biggie.
That's a great choice.
What about you?
I like Kendrick Lamar a lot.
Sure, he's great.
Hey, man how was your weekend? I mostly chilled out to some Drake.
It was great! I just got back from a Drake concert last night!
No way, you're a fan of Drake too?
Yeah, i've been listening to him since he released "Thank Me Later".
Wow, so you're a long time fan, huh?
Yeah, what do you think of his latest album?
I mean I just started getting into his songs, but so far, I like what I hear.
Yeah, I really like everything on "Views", it really speaks to me.
I'll try to give it a listen tonight, talk to you later man!
Yeah, hit me up sometime, we should go see him live when he's back in town!
Do you know the first Hip Hop rap hit?
I think it's "Rappers Delight" by the Sugarhill Gang.
Did you know that singer "Angie Stone" was one of the original members?
Get out! But you know that "Good Times" song is used as the hook in Rappers Delight?
Oh snap, no I didn't.
What year did "Rappers Delight" come out?
It was late 1979. I remember because that was the year I first heard "Foxy's" "Get Off!"
Is that the same year the rap record "Don't Push Me Cause I'm Close To The Edge" came out?
No, that song came out much later.
"Rappers Delight" must be your favorite rap song since you know so much about it.
YOu know of this odd type of rap
What type is it and how is it odd
Well it is rap but it is called horror core
What does it sound like
It is like horror themed rap
Can you name some artists
Yeah their is Twisted and Boondox
I have listened to twisted i enjoy it
I just find it weird
But why
What rap have you been hearing lately?
I have been listening to the song called Count Contessa.
Oh cool, who raps that?
Azealia Banks.
What style is she?
She is rap but is a fusion too of garage music.
Sounds interesting.
Take a listen next time you are at it.
I definitely will.
It has a beachy club feel to it.
What's your favorite rapper right now?
Right now I would have to say J Cole.
Which album? His newest one?
No, I'm actually still listening to "2014 Forest Hill Drive"
That's my favorite by him, too.
What's your favorite song on that album?
It's definitely "A Tale of 2 Citiez".
The beat for that song is crazy.
I still think it should have gotten more radio play. He's too good.
As far as lyrics go, I have to agree with you.
Have you heard of 50 cent?
Yes of course.
Do you like his music.
He was one of my favorites a long time ago.
That changed?
Yes, he just stopped producing music really.
Yeah I guess you're right he hasn't produced an album for a long time.
Yeah so long I don't even remember his last album.
I wonder why did he just lose interest in rap?
I'm not sure but I imagine that's why.
Have you been listening to any rap music lately?
I have been listening to Azealia Banks' new song.
What song is that?
Playhouse.
Oh cool how is that?
It is interesting.
Is the album out yet?
Not yet.
Hopefully it will be released soon.
That is what I am saying.
Whats your favorite song by Snoop Dogg?
I would have to say Drop it like its hot.
Yeah, that's my favorite too.
He was really on the grind back then with that song.
He had a good flow i think Pharrel was on the track as well.
Yeah he was. That is what made it vibe so well.
Yeah i agree.
Do you like any other of his songs.
Yes I do.
What are they?
The Dave Clark Five was one of my favorite bands.
I liked the Beatles better.
Did you know their song Glad All Over knocked off I Want to Hold Your Hand in the UK?
Really.  What was the name of their movie?
Catch Us if You Can, or Having a Wild Weekend in the USA.
Not as big hit as A Hard Day's Night.
Not at all.
What was their last big US hit?
You've Got What It Takes, 1967.
They pretty vanished after that.
Let's talk music, who is your favorite popstar/band?
Taylor swift is definitely my favorite as I like her energy and style.
I did Enjoy her 1989 album.
That is a great album, and my favorite song of hers is from that album (Shake it off).
It is a good album, but my favorite is wildest dreams.
Also a good song, in truth I like every song on that album.
Sometimes, I still think it is funny she started out as a country music artist.
I still enjoy her earlier work despite it being of another genre.
I agree it is still good music, i just believe she grew as an artist when she transitioned to pop.
She definitely branched out but most of her music still retains that sole that makes it unique to her.
What was your favorite decade for pop music?
Wow, that's a tough question.
Do you think it's modern pop music?
No it doesn't have the same feel as something from the 80s or 90s.
I would say mine is 80s pop music.
That's a good choice. There were a lot of good songs.
What about you?
I would say 90s because they seemed to figure out how to make the perfect pop song then.
They really did have a lot of hit songs in the 90s.
It seemed like they figured out the formula of how to make a great pop song in the 90s.
I really like that James Arthur song, "Say You Won't Let Go."
I do too, everybody likes that song.
It's number eleven on the Billboard pop chart right now.
His voice is so mesmerizing on that song.
I was thinking about how great it would be to hear him singing it live. I checked online, and he's on tour in the US all next month.
Are there still tickets available?
There's a show in New Jersey July 25th, and there are still tickets available for $25.
We could make a road trip out of it and split the gas and expenses.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I'd love to go.
Summer is always a great time to go to a concert.
I wonder what is the difference between the concert types
Concert types?
Yeah like different genres
oh i get what you mean
Like how is a Pop music concert different than rock concert and stuff
Why dont you find out
I do not got the money for that
Why not
Tickets are pretty expensive
They are actually cheaper than you think
What do you think of the new stuff by Lady Gaga?
I do not like the sort of added country feel to some of the songs.
The one about the mirror you mean?
Yes, it was not pop enough for her. She is a pop star not a country one.
I like the change of pace of her stuff.
It may be a change, but I like her older stuff.
What is her best song in your opinion?
I would have to say Poker Face.
Good dance song, I do not think it is her best.
I like that is had meaning, but was also just there, all pop and all happy.
Do you remember the very first concert you went to?
Oh yes!  I went to see the GoGos perform at a small college in Illinois. I think I was about 18 at the time?
I like some of their songs and videos Were they good in concert?
Yeah, they were pretty good.  My friends and I had a really good time.  What about you?  What was your first concert?
I got to see Paul Young perform at Duke University.  He and his band put on an awesome show.
Paul Young?  I think I remember him.  He sang "Every Time You Go Away", right?
Yes, that's one of his hits.  Do you remember "Band-Aid"?  He was the very first singer.
I do remember that.  So, was his show your favorite concert?
No, it was really good but, not my favorite.  My favorite was seeing Yes at the Dean Dome in Chapel Hill.  They were fanatastic.
I like their music but, have never seen them in concert.
Do you follow Selena Gomez?
I've never been a fan of her music to be honest.
I'm surprised, since I thought you liked pop music.  You don't like 'Same Old Love?'
I think that whoever produced the music is incredibly talented, but as a vocalist I don't think Selena stands out too much.
But she has a good voice.
I think she has an okay voice but lacks technique.
I guess we will have to agree to disagree.  I love 'It Ain't Me.'
I don't know that one.
It's a Kygo song that she is featured in.
I may check it out since I actually really like Kygo.  His remix of Sheeran's
Do you like pop music?
Oh yeah I love pop music!
Who is your favorite artist?
I love katy perry.
What is your favorite song by her?
I love hot and cold.
Oh that song is so old!
I know but I love it anyway.
I love roar.
Oh I love that song too!
Ariana Grande resumed her tour after briefly suspending it following the Manchester attacks, but it had to be scary going to her first gig back.
I'm sure anyone would be nervous, but I think they picked her show because of opportunity, not because of her.
Her next show back though was Paris- and Paris has had a LOT of terrorism incidents, including a concert where a lot more people died than the Manchester concert.
Yeah, I'm not sure I'd want to be a pop singer on tour right now, there's been so many incidents.
The authorities all say don't let them take away your freedom, and continue your normal lives, but that's hard to do if you think you might be in danger.
Well, Ariana Grande did have the big Manchester benefit concert and security was tight, but everything went fine.
They said security would be heavy for the Paris show too of course, becuase of the potential for an incident.
The fans are really brave to keep going out to things instead of laying low at home.
I'm sure overseas fans feel like they don't know when they would get a chance to see her again, so that's why they risk it.
They must be really devoted Ariana Grande fans to take the risk though.
I don't keep up with pop music is much as I used to, but there are few artists I like.
Same. Justin Bieber's pretty great.
I don't listen to him much, but I do like Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato.
Selena Gomez is great! I love her new single "Bad Liar".
Yeah, that's a good song. I'm liking Miley Cyrus's new stuff, too.
I actually saw her on one of those late night shows the other night. She sang beautifully.
She's very talented. I watched her at the Manchester benefit concert.
I heard she did a cover with Ariana Grande.
She did! They performed "Don't Dream It's Over" by Crowded House.
Nice. I'll have to look that one up on YouTube.
I was really interested in how well Ariana Grande's Manchester show did to help raise money for the bombing victims, so I went to look it up online.
I heard it was a sold-out show. With Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber, and Katy Perry joining Ariana, I can imagine those tickets sold really fast.
Yeah, and you know those people are going to need a lot of financial help, funerals, medical bills, follow up care.
So how much did the show raise?
That was what was confusing. The first ten results on the Google page all showed different results.
Was it because of the difference in dollars and euros?
No. It said in millions- $13, E2, $9, E2.35, $3, $12, $2.6, $3, and E10. The numbers were all over the place.
That seems strange. You would figure tickets sales would be a pretty static number.
Unless they are somehow adding other donations in there. But it makes it seem suspicious that no one is reporting the same number.
Maybe they just have really bad press communications.
Do pop musicians still play the piano?
Many do actually!
I don't know any. Can you tell me one?
John Legend is an amazing piano player.
I forgot about him. His music is excellent.
One of his newest songs called "Love Me Now" is so beautiful.
Did he recently release a new album?
He did! It did very well critically. Lots of people liked it.
What other songs has he released recently?
A track called "In America" too. But that one he wrote specifically for a TV show
Have you heard the new Drake track yet?
I don't think so.
It is called Passionfruit.
Ok that is a fun song name.
Yes the song is special, he is a talented guy.
What does it sound like.
Like the song name, and the fruit, it is a very sweet track.
Ok I like the sound of that.
Yes it is mostly instrumental then he sings harmonious lyrics.
Ok I could see myself enjoying that, thank you for mentioning it.
Who's your favorite artist in pop music?
It's difficult to say, but I had a crush for Avril Lavigne long time ago when I was in middle school
no way, I loved her music as well
yea, her street style appearance and good beats just got my heart when I was in my teenager years
you know what she's doing recently?
I'm not really sure, she's a married woman now, I think she's dedicating her life to being a good wife
well, it's both beautifuil and kinda sad, I miss her already
well, she's still publishing music, just not as fast rate
like what?
you know her song was featured as the main theme from Alice in Wonderland?
Who is your favorite Pop band?
Well I know they are also considered rock but I would definitely choose Coldplay.
I really like Coldplay, yeah they are pop-rock but have done a lot of pop songs, as they are a very diverse band.
My recent favorites has to be "just like this".
I liked that song as well, but my favorite is "hymn for the weekend".
Both are great songs and I love how diverse they are as a band.
They are really diverse from their earlier work, to the more recent experimental rock and pop they have made some excellent music.
The GhostStories album had a different feeling to it but I enjoyed it all the same.
I think one of the things that makes them so diverse is their ability to collaborate with other great artists.
I agree, we even kinda pointed that out earlier with our favorites, being that "just like this" was a collab with the chain-smokers and  "hymn for the weekend" was a collab with beyonce.
How much do you like Katy Perry?
I like that she was born Mormon.
Well thats just details.
I know but its important in my view.
I think California Girls is such a great track.
I enjoy it very much as well.
Would you consider her the top pop start of this decade?
It does seem all she makes is hits
She can do anything and make it seem amazing!
She is talented more than we probably give her credit for.
is beyonce overrated?
i think she definitely is
people make her out to be a queen
they put her on a pedastol
all these little girls think her music is everything
her new album is pretty good though
its good but still overrated
it got critically acclaimed
both her last albums did
yup
My mom is a huge Elvis Presley fan. Do you like Elvis?
He's great, Old school of course.
He was around during the birth of Rock and Roll. Its king.
So which songs do you like?
Heartbreak Hotel is heartbreaking.
I agree with that.
And then Hound Dog and Blue Suede Shoes are fun.
He was a great dancer too.
Mmm hmm.  Kind of new for the era.
His charisma came through in his music, and everything he did.
The pop music industry is saying that Ed Sheeran's popularity is damaging to the music business.
How can popular music be bad for the business?
His third album came out in March, and 16 of his songs were in the top 20. So they are saying this is bad for the other artists trying to get on the charts.
Well. if he's that popular, and everyone else isn't, it's not his fault.
A lot of it has to do with how they count sales with both streaming and sales. But now they are proposing a new rule.
Because of Ed Sheeran being popular?
Yes, they are proposing a maximum of three singles by a lead artist in the singles chart.
That doesn't seem fair. If people like his music that much, he should be allowed all top 20 spots if he earns them.
Some people think because they don't add in things like youtube views, it doesn't properly reflect what people listen to.
Youtube shouldn't count, because it's not a sale, and sales are what the charts have always rated.
I am still unsure of the origins
Of what
Pop music you know
Well it probably has changed throughout time
What do you mean
Well what has been popular has been changing through out time
I guess you are right on that fact
So that means it changes based on the generation
Ah i get it
Yeah so its not static and has no clear roots
Did you hear the MGK single?
What is it called?
No More Sad Songs is the name.
Oh is that the one with Little Mix?
Yes that is the one.
They provide a nice balance of female and male vocals.
Yes you have heard it.
Yes that is a popular jam.
I like it a lot.
I do as well.
What's your favorite album from Avril Lavigne?
Umm, it's a difficult question, I like a lot of her music. I like both The Best Damn Thing and Let Go
why is that?
because I feel her music has soul in it, and from song to song in an album, the overall feelings are the same, so I could listen to them all day long
what are some of your favorite songs from those 2 albums then?
to be honest, I like most of the music she published, but maybe Innocence and Complicated would stand out just a bit of more
They were such a sensation back in high school, right?
you bet, I feel the psychology in some of her music beats at the same rate as high school teenagers
her later music has become more mature, I think she has moved on
indeed, so did we
Who do you think the best pop star of all time is?
I don't know.  I think maybe Beyonce.
How about Michael Jackson?
Michael Jackson is a legend, but for the younger generations I believe Beyonce is the queen.
Michael Jackson has been a pop fixture since his early days in the Jackson 5.  People still sing the song "I'll be there" even though it is decades old.
That's true.  His songs will be played for a long time.
I don't want to take anything away from Beyonce.  She is very talented.
I think her "Lemonade" album is probably one of her best.  Songs like "Formation" tackled some tough political issues.
I remember her being criticized for being too political in her Super Bowl routine.
She certainly isn't afraid to take a stand when she wants to.
Hey, are you an Ed Sheeran fan?
Yea definitely, I love that song, shape of you.
Yea that's a pretty good one, but have you heard castle on the hill?
I listen to Castle on the Hill all the time! That song is so good.
What about the slower songs, like Thinking out Loud?
Yea I really like Thinking out Loud. I liked it so much I  learned to play it on my guitar.
Whoa that's cool! I really like his song because the lyrics generally have a lot of meaning.
Yea, Castle on the Hill reminded me of my childhood.
Exactly. Photograph gives me a lot of nostalgia.
Same here, Ed Sheeran is great.
Do you like Shawn Mendes?
I have never heard of him. Who is that?
He is a very popular singer!
What songs is he famous for?
He performs the songs Stitches, Life Of The Party, Something Big, and many more.
Where is he from?
He is a singer and songwriter from Canada.
How old is Shawn Mendes?
He is only 18 years old.
That's amazing! I wish I had a hit song when I was that old.
What genres make up pop music?
I think any genre can end up being pop music?
What do you mean?
It's called "cross over". If a track is huge within a genre, it will leave the genre and become pop music.
I see, but what genres are most likely to generate pop hits?
I'd say most pop music comes from the country, dance, Latin, urban, and rock genres.
What makes a track, as you say, cross over?
I think it's how catchy the track is. Some of these pop hits are addictive.
I know what you mean. I can't get them out of my head!
Yes, that's called the "hook". Most pop music has a hook which catches your attention.
Is Britney Spears pop?
Yes
What about 98 Degrees?
Yes, they are too
Do you like pop?
There are some great pop songs. My favorite is from Paula Abdul
Oh, I love her stuff.
Is Time After Time a pop song?
Yes
That might be the best pop song ever
Hey are you stoked about the new Lorde concert?
What? I didn't know she is going on tour!
Yeah, after 2 years of hiatus, she came out with a new album!
Really? What does it call?
Melodrama, and the music are really good.
Well, I wouldn't doubt that, she has always made good music.
Yeah, and this album she's a lot happier, like the songs are not as sad.
That's good to hear, I do like her older stuffs too, though.
What is your favorite song from her?
I love Royals and Team.
Donny Osmond is my wife's favorite singer.
Isn't he as old as the hills?
He'll be sixty on December 9, 2017.
What was his big hit as a kid?
Puppy Love.
Right.
She used to watch him on The Andy Williams Show.
What is he doing now?
He released an album, The Soundtrack of My Life.
Nice.
Do you like pop music?
Yes, I don't mind it. It isn't my favorite genre but it is catchy.
Anything in particular that you like?
Well, I grew up in the 90s so I'm partial to the late 90s/early 2000s pop.
Oh, so you are into the boy bands and the teen idols.
I guess you can say that. I mean, who can really turn down Backstreet Boys or N*Sync?
If you say so! I like the more recent music like Bruno Mars, Pharrel, and Ariana Grande.
That's definitely not my style. Give me some Spice Girls and Britney Spears, though, and I'll be happy.
I'd love the Spice Girls to make a return.
That would be amazing. They did it once, but unfortunately just for a short time.
What is your favorite Britney Spears song?
I love Toxic.
Oh me too. It's such a great song to dance too.
Exactly. Plus it's aged well.
Very true. I really like Oops I Did It Again.
Oh that's a solid song.
Yeah, it was pretty good to dance to in middle school.
You know, I used to know the moves from the chorus.
Oh nice! I only knew moves for Hit Me Baby One More Time.
Hey that's still very impressive!
My daughter is a Demi Lovato fan.
Wasn't she on a kids' show?
Yes, she was on Barney.
Cool.  What's one of her big hits?
This is Me.
Right.  What album was it in?
Don't Forget.
What was her second album?
Here We Go Again
I hope she is over her personal troubles.
What's your opinion on 'Believer?'
Is that the Monkees song that was remixed by Smash Mouth?  I love both versions.
No. I am referring to the song by Imagine Dragons.
I see.  I don't know that one.
I highly recommend it.  It's quite catchy.
I think I will.  I really liked Imagine Dragon's 'Demons' and 'Radioactive.'
'Demons' is one of my favorites.
That's one of two songs I know by them, but I just love the slow tempo of it and rhythm.
The rest of the album, 'Night Visions' is just as good.
They definitely have a very unique sound.
I'm not a fanboy but I liked the song Heathens.
You know,not bad for a pop song.
Yea,a lot of pop songs sound the same.
Too many sound the same
I know what you mean.
I guess it came off the,Suicide Squad album.
Yes it did.
Big album for them.
As a pop band they're not bad overall.
I can stomach some of their songs
So have you been to any NFL games?
I've been to a couple, mostly for the Green Bay Packers
Who did they play?
The Chicago Bears
Who won?
The packers of course! The bears are terrible
Yeah that makes sense. Was it enjoyable?
Yeah it was fun, a little cold though
I think the Packers play better in cold weather
They definitely do
They play most of the time in cold weather
They are fun to watch as long as its not too cold
Sometimes I hear that if you buy a beer at some games it will freeze solid before you can finish it
Yeah that happened to me one time
What do you do about it?
You drink the beer really fast
I bet that makes the game more fun to watch
Yeah if you wear like 20 layers
I love going to NFL games
Me too, they are a great atmosphere!
Are you ready for the Steelers this year?
Oh you know it.  Every year we are contenders for the Super Bowl.
I think the head office had a really strong draft this year.
We got some very good prospects.
What do you think about T.J. Watt as our first round pick?
Well he's J.J. Watts brother so that's not a bad thing.
I couldn't agree more.
He had a really good combine so I think he is a really solid pick.
I can't wait to see the Steelers beat the Ravens this year.
It is a wonderful sight every season when that happens.
I think the Bengals will give a little trouble this year compared to many in the past.
Why do you think that? We have always had there number.
I think they are getting desperate and need to show something or a lot of them are going to be gone.
I still don't think that is going to make them much of contenders this year.
I don't know it could cause some close games.
We had a strong draft and we have mvp caliber players all over the field for us.
So you aren't worried at all?
Not in the least, ever year we are in the hunt.
In Pittsburgh we expect the win the Super Bowl every year.
If you aren't first, your last.
Did you watch the playoffs last year?
I do every year
What did you think about them?
I was surprised at the performance of the Atlanta Hawks
Yeah, they were one of the best teams in the league
They totally destroyed my team
Which one is that?
The greenbay packers
Oh yes I remember that game. That was devastating to watch.
Yeah and it pissed me off a lot.
I would've definitely though that the Packers would have done better
I think every would have thought that
The only way they were able to actually score points was because they let them at the end
They could have easily shut them out
Green Bay had one of the best offenses in the league too
And they were only able to score 14 points
At least they lost in a heatbreaking way to the patriots in the superbowl
Yeah they did lose the most important game
How do you feel about that?
It makes me feel a whole lot better
What are the mascots of the teams in the NFL?
There are many since there are thirty-two teams. My favorite is the Redskins.
What NFL team do they belong to?
They are the Washington Redskins.
What city are they located in?
They are based in Washington D.C.
I was thinking the state of Washington. Didn't I hear about a court case involving this team?
Yes, there was a case about the trademark and use of the word "Redskins".
The court outcome was in favor of the "Redskin" name.
That is good since other NFL team mascots could have been affected in the future.
How many NFL teams have animal mascots?
Twenty teams have animal mascots in the NFL.
Does that mean the other twelve teams have human mascots?
No, seven of the twelve have human mascots and the remaining five have no official mascot at all.
What are some of the different animals used as mascots in the NFL?
There is a raven, a tiger, and a horse for a few examples.
What other animal mascots are in the NFL?
There is a bull, a jaguar, a raccoon, and a dolphin.
I know the dolphin is the mascot of the Miami team, but who has the raccoon?
The Tennessee Titans have a raccoon as a mascot. It is called T-Rac.
Hey are you excited about the upcoming NFL season?
Yes I am!
I've been waiting since last year when it ended.
So have I. I've been ready for it to start every since it ended last season.
I can't wait to see how the Dallas Cowboys do this season.
Yes me too. I'm anxious to see what's going to happen.
As well as they did last year, this year should be better.
I'm hoping it is. Last year Dak Prescott did an awesome job as quarterback,
I know he really did. He was only backup quarterback and looked what happened.
I know he became the Cowboys number one quarterback.
I know and he is awesome.
He really is. He really showed Romo up.
He did he put him to shame.
Romo started out being a good quarterback but started staying injured all the time.
I know. He cost the Cowboys a lot of games too.
He really did with all those interceptions he threw.
I know. He had started looking really bad.
I know he really looked awful and was making the whole team look awful.
I think he's going to do better with ending the playing career and moving to what he is.
I think so too. He's a likable guy. His playing days were just over.
I don't like when people try to predict how every NFL team will do beforehand
Why not?
I don't know. It takes the fun out of it.
Do you play fantasy football?
No. That also takes the fun out of it.
It certainly gets involved.
I like the predictions that the Bills will do well this year
I've always liked them as a team.
I remember they went to the superbowl against the cowboys when I was a kid
Who won?
The cowboys
Oh, that's dissapointing
Yeah. I think the Dolphins will do well this year
Me too. I never liked Dan Marino
Who is their new quarterback?
Matt Moore
Is he a big guy?
He's 6'3"
That seems about average
He's a good player
Are you excited for NFL football to start back.
I am, when does pre-season start back again?
NFL pre season games will start in August.
Who is your favorite team?
The Dallas Cowbys are one of my favorite teams in the NFL.
How did they do last year?
Dallas had a magical season last year winning 13 games and getting the bye in the playoffs.
What was different abou the season?
Dallas started Dak Prescott and he was a phenominal quarterback.
Where did he come from.
Dak played at Mississippi State University and had an oustanding career there.
Is Dak returning this year to Dallas?
Dak was named offensive rookie of the year and went to the probowl so I think he will start for sure this year.
How did they do in the playoffs with Dak Prescott?
They played a great game but lost a close game to Green Bay.
I bet that was disheartening for the fans after having such a great year.
Yes it was disappointing for Dallas to lose the first game in the playoffs.
What happened to the other Dallas Quarterback?
Romo got injured and Prescott took over with a fury!
I am excited to see what the Dallas Cowboys do this season in the NFL.
So what do you think about the NFL this year?
It's hard to get excited, with the Bears basically in a rebuild.
Yeah, nothing is more underwhelming than Mike Glennon. Not bad, but not thrilling.
Right. Hopefully Trubisky shows up earlier than expected.
I don't feel great about that pick. The history of Bears QBs and all that.
Gotta hope. At least we get a new GM if he flops.
Yeah, but Pace will have at least another couple years.
I'm not looking forward to another transition, though.
Agreed. Flip flopping from a 4-3 to a 3-4 takes enough time.
I feel bad for the other side of the ball, too.
Jordan Howard emerges, but it's on a team going nowhere.
Right, and who knows which receivers will be healthy by week three.
But then Kevin White is almost like a rookie again, so there's hope.
A rookie with no good ankles. I'm not optimistic.
What do you think about the real rookies, other than Trubisky?
It's awfully small-school heavy.
You mean the TE, Shaheen?
I was thinking about that tiny 3rd-down back they took later.
You don't like Tarik Cohen?
If he turns into the next Devin Hester, fine, but there aren't too many of those.
Do you think the Patriots will repeat as Super Bowls winners this year?
As a Patriots fan, I'd like to think so.
But in your unbiased opinion?
Well, we will have to see. They play some good teams this year.
Yeah, but they don't have that hard of a schedule.
I think their strength of schedule is twelfth, but that doesn't really mean much before the season starts.
Fair, but who are they playing that you are worried about?
Worried may not be the right word. Apprehensive though; the Chiefs, Texans, Falcons, Broncos, and Steelers for sure.
I don't know. Texans still don't have their quarterback situation figured out. Maybe the Falcons only because they have something to prove.
Exactly. And the Steelers game is away and it isn't easy to play in Pittsburgh.
As much as I hate to admit it, I just don't see anyone in the league who will be able to touch them this year.
Once we get to post season though, I imagine we will face the Raiders and they will be tough this year.
Oh, that's right. They got Marshawn Lynch didn't they.
Yes. And I can't imagine they will throw the ball on the one yard line if they can run it with him.
That couldn't be a reference to Super Bowl 49 could it?
You think? It should be a good year all around.
I know. I'm excited for it. I think the Eagles may be able to step it up this year.
Maybe for the first four or five games just to give their fans some hope.
And then go back to being the Eagles and crush all hope for the remainder of the season?
Exactly! August just needs to get here.
Do you think the quarterback option is an outdated move in today's NFL?
Yeah, I think the defenses in the league have learned how to defend against.
I kind of disagree. I think it still have its merits.
How so?
I think that quarterbacks with good pocket presence will still be able to use the move to stall defenses.
So only good quarterbacks can use it?
Yeah, I think quarterbacks who can stay in the pocket longer can benefit from it.
What about running quarterbacks?
I don't think they'll be able to manage it. Like you said, defenses are just too fast these days.
I agree. I think quarterbacks who use it to run themselves are going to get buried.
But like I said, good passing quarterbacks can use it to stall defenses.
Which quarterbacks do you think can use it?
Aaron Rodgers, Tom Brady, etc. those kinds of quarterbacks.
It's so odd how that move became so outdated.
Yeah, I think defenses were just so new to it that they didn't know how to respond.
That's why the NFL is the top of the class when it comes to studying film.
I hope more elite quarterbacks use it though. It's entertaining.
I agree.
I definitely think that a good offensive line helps as well.
Definitely.
Who is your favorite NFL announcer?
I don't like any of them
Why not?
They're all not that smart
I agree they don't add much to the game
I like Terry Bradshaw
He is entertaining in the pregame shows
Who did he play for?
I think he was a Cowboys quarterback
I'm happy there are more and more people of color becoming quarterbacks
The NFL and the college level are certainly making strides
They need to get more minority head coaches as well
I agree. It's important
I like that Sarah Thomas is a refferee in the league
Oh me too.
I wish there were more females represented in general
Right and not just as sideline reporters
Though Erin Matthews is great
I like her reporting
She knows what she's talking about
Who do you think wins the NFC West this year.
It has got to be Seattle again.
Yes, it seems like this is a dynasty in the west.
As long as they have the key players on the roster they will be competitive.
I do not see the other teams in the division very competitive other then Arizona.
Arizona could be decent with Carson Palmer and the good receivers they have.
I think Seattle will still have a good defense as usual.
I agree it will probably be Seattle.
Arizona might be a long shot and might make the playoffs.
What about the other teams?
The Rams are a mess I don't see anything happening there.
Do you think Jared Goff starts.
I'm not sure if this kid ever gets off of the ground.
You think they traded away all those picks for nothing?
It could be a long time before that franchise turns around.
Think San Francisco will rebound.
I can't see anything happening with that quarterback situation.
Who is starting anyway?
Will is be Colin Kaepernick again?
I don't think he is on the team this year.  They will probably start Brian Hoyer.
Hey lets talk football. I want to see what your thoughts are on the upcoming season.
Yeah I can't wait to get back to pigskin football again.
What are your thoughts on the Falcons this year and if they can bounce back from that collapse in the Super Bowl?
I think they shoud be fine and it was just inexperience which caused for the game to go the wrong way for the Falcons.
I think they should be able to make it back to the playoffs again. Matt Ryan is an elite quarterback in my mind and should be more experienced this time around.
Talking about elite quarterbacks, your thoughts on the other big name ones in the NFL?
I think Joe Flacco will have a breakout year for the Ravens, and Andrew Luck will finally get what he needs and gets further into the playoffs
I think thats saying a whole lot, as these guys are great quarterbacks, but their teams as a whole aren't talented enough to move deep in the playoffs.
What are your surprise teams this year?
I think Jacksonville should be a contender, same with the Tennessee Titans and Tampa Bay.
Tampa is definitely talented. Jameis has the tools to win, and I think Doug Martin will have a bounceback season.
Who are your surprise teams this year?
I really do like Washington this year, as well as Tennessee.
What do you like about either team?
Washington has the talent, just not the chemistry which defiitely can cause problems.
Yep, big egos between teammates never workout in the end.
I also do believe that Johnny Manziel will be back in the NFL and be a decisive playmaker.
The kid definitely has talent and looks to be a safe spot for whoever decides to roll the dice on him.
I don't think its beneficial for anyone to get Johnny Manziel
Yeah you are right
Hey, what do you think about football?
As in the NFL?
Yea, the NFL.
It's fun to watch!
Agreed!
What's your favorite team?
Patriots
Too cheap!
No!
Yea they are!
How so?
They cheat all the time to win!
Never!
Everyone knows it!
You just hate winners!
No I hate those that cant play fair
They do1
I dont see us agreeing
I'll agree to that
Bye!
The year the Jets make the Superbowl is almost here.
Not even in your dreams I'm afraid.
No need to rub it in. You know I'm just kidding.
The Jets are looking to be legitimately one of the worst teams this year.
I read that some executives stated that they may be fielding one of the worst teams in recent history.
That team could legitimately go 0-16.
That 0-16 Lions team was not that bad at all. They just ran into some serious bad luck.
I agree. They were a lot better than this upcoming Jets team is
I'm scared about the quarterbacking situation. We seem so lost.
Who even is on the roster? Hackenberg and Petty?
I think so. I don't even know who our third quarterback is. Assuming we have one.
That's pretty unsettling to have those two as your top quarterbacks.
I haven't heard very much that was good about Hacky.
Last I heard he was apparently so inaccurate that he was pelting reporters in the back on accident.
I heard about that story to. I really wanted to hope it was a joke.
They always said he was a huge project. It's showing.
It grows tiresome that we seemingly keep drafting projects. I want prospects, not projects.
What's the difference?
Projects can take years to develop. Time you don't have. Prospects can contribute instantly.
Oh so basically someone like Tebow was a project, while someone like Newton would be a prospect. I understand.
You know, the football will be on soon.
I can't wait! Tired of baseball and golf.
I watch five games a week.
I see as much as I can.
We got robbed in that Seattle game!
That Russell Wilson got lucky. He can't really pass.
He passed enough that game!
He's more of a college player.
We probably won't play them this year. Carolina is getting better.
Another running quarterback.
Cam Newton? He actually is a good player.
We can beat them. I don't know about Atlanta, though.
Yeah, that Super Bowl was crazy!
We need to shore up our defense by then.
A good offense is a good defense.
Those recievers are all getting bigger and bigger.
You hit them low and they go down.
They got new rules now; you can't do that anymore.
They should let the players play.
This isn't the 50's anymore; they had to do something.
What are your predictions for the Steelers in this year's NFL season?
I think they have a pretty good chance this season.
Why do you think so?
The injury situation seems to have cleared up and we don't have major players with suspensions.
Was that an issue last season?
Yes. Not having LeVeon Bell for the first four games probably made a difference down the stretch.
How so?
Well had we won more of the first four games we would not have been in the Wild Card and would have more time to rest in the playoffs.
DO you sense the mood of the team is better?
I do especially for Antonio Brown now that they gave him a generous contract.
What do you think of the rule changes with the goal posts?
It is really going to make the game interesting.
How so?
With a goal post not so wide, I guess windy day kicking could make or break a game more often
Do you think that rule will stay?
It depends on the relative skill of the kickers.
What did you think of the comments that kickers are not really a part of the team?
I found the comments totally ridiculous.
Okay....who are you predicting to meet in the Superbowl?
Dallas Cowboys and the Pittsburgh Steelers. It will be epic!
Are you a fan of the NFL?
Of course! I watch every Sunday in the fall.
Who is the team you follow?
I don't really have a particular team, I just like the game. How about you?
I'm a Patriots fan through and through.
Must be real difficult to like a winning team.
Well, they've been my favorite since before they started this new era. Drew Bledsoe was still the quarterback.
Ok, fair enough. So last year's Super Bowl must have been awesome for you.
Well, not at first. I was a little depressed when the score was 28-3.
I can imagine. But it was the Falcons' fans depressed at the end.
That's for sure. I really have never seen anything like it.
It seemed like a combination of the Patriots being really good and the Falcons just melting down.
That and an unwillingess to change the game plan.
What do you mean?
Well, the Falcons were always an offense with a lot of passing, but they didn't need to do that at the end of the game.
Oh that's right. Because they were almost in field goal range.
Right. So if they would've just run a few times, they probably would've won.
Not that you are complaining though.
Of course not. I got to celebrate.
And so did the Pats!
Hi There.
Hello.
Are you a football fan?
Yeah sure am.
Do you like college or nfl, or both?
I like both really.
Do you like one more than the other?
I like the pros a bit more I think.
Why is that?
The skill level is a lot higher and I like that.
That's a good reason.
What about you?
I like the pros as well but still catch a bit of college games.
Do you have a favorite team?
I like the Falcons.  What about you?
I'm a Seahawks fan.
Oh cool, I like Russell Wilson a lot.
He's the man.
Good talking to you.
You too.
Hello chap. Excited about some American Football.
Oh heavens yes.
How many concussions do you think they'll obtain.
Many possibly.
Many, Allah willing.
Indeed this game has me excited to the core.
I'm counting down the hours to the first kick of the football
Agreed. This American football game will be the most exiting of all.
I wish the best for both teams
Allah willing the Oilers will dominate the Astros in this AmericN FootbLl game
Indeed, Chap. indeed.
I will pray hard for all players to play well and with good sportsmanship.
As will I old boy, as will I.
Will you eat peanuts and fracker jack?
I don't care if I ever come back!
Jill good show old boy.
Well said fellow American Football fan.
It's America's pastime, after all
So they say, so they say.
A rousing 'hurrah' for all the chaps plying American Football!
Hey are you excited for this years football season?
Yes im very excited !  How about you?
Im very excited as well did you hear ?
Hear about what ?
That the super bowl this year will be held in minnesota
I had no idea that's so exciting !
Question we both live in minnesota we should consider buying tickets this year
I will be up for that we should start looking for tickets
I agree lets start looking now so that we can find a good deal
Ok i agree
So who do you think will win this years superbowl ?
I hope the vikings do this year how about you ?
We are both rooting for the same team i also want the vikings to win it !
They will for sure!
Not for sure we gotta worry about new england !
Thats true but we can stop them this year for sure
Lets hope so !
Well it was nice talking lets keep in touch on those tickets
i agree
okay cya later
he only time he looked ok is when we were running uptempo.
But the very next game when he was told to run Bill O'Brien's offense, he was not good at all.
I do give him credit for not turning the ball over.
Here is stats since being a pro.
Its nothing eye popping and nothing to write home to momma about.
Let me tell you, this signing is a Mike Devlin special as Giacomini played under him when he was with New York Jets.
Could he work out?
We're about to find out.
However, according to Pro Football Focus, Giacomini is a below-average pass blocker like Clark, allowing four sacks and 44.3 grade off 266 snaps on the field in 2016 (which included just five starts).
PFF also notes that in 2015, Giacomini's last season as a full starter, allowed 54 quarterback pressures compared to 67 in 2016 for Clark.
Overall, Giacomini seems to be more closer than an average pass blocker rather than Clark who is well below-average.
Not to mention that he has been riddled with back injuries through last season.
304-pound 31-year-old became available because the Jets cut him after last season.
i surely hope the Rookie pick up the playbook quick. Because this dude is just as bad as Clark. No thanks.
Foreman is terrible in pass protection.
he is not taking the starting job from L. Miller.
He will take snaps from Blue.
that's a possibility as well since Blue knows this offense better.
According to the Chron's Aaron Wilson, the Houston Texans have signed veteran tackle Breno Giacomini to a deal.
Could he be the answer at right tackle?
Why didn't Peyton Manning win more Super Bowls?
He won two.  That's pretty good.
Yeah, but he is suppose to be a football robot.
You got to remember the Colts were terrible for his first 4 or so years.
The Colts were pretty good for the next 10 or so years.
True, but the Colts never had a great defense.
That's not true.  They had a dominate defense a few years.
The Colts defense was fast but they were all small guys.
Would you rather big slow guys?
You need some size on defense or you can't stop the run.
I guess that is true.  The Colts run defense was never great.
The whole defense was never great.  The Colts offense was just so dominate that it didn't matter.
So, back to the question.  Why didn't Peyton win more Super Bowls?
Well the easy answer is because of the New England Patriots.
Man, those were some good games Colts vs Patriots.
Yeah, but the Patriots won the majority of them.
The Colts never really could figure out the Patriots in the playoffs.
Well we'll look back and realize that the Patriots are having one of the best runs in NFL history.
I think Peyton should have won 4 Super Bowls with those teams.
Hey, he won 2 and got to 3 Super Bowls.  That's pretty good in my opinion.
Hey, what do you think about football?
Oh I love it!
Wait you mean the NFL right?
Naw man!
Oh you like soccer...
Yea!
Well I meant the NFL
No I'm all for European Football
Well do you ever watch the NFL?
It looks too boring!
It is definitely not boring!
Well it could be more intense!
How do you say that?
It just seems too much planning
Oh so the pacing?
Yea it seems slow!
It's really intense though when they are on the clock!
Yea I can agree to an extent
You should give it another try
I may!
Hey do you know when the Saints play against the Patriots?
No but ill look it up for you
That would be great
The play September 17
Does it say what time the game starts
It starts at noon  Who are you rooting for
The Saints of course.
Really you know Tom Brady will destroy Drew Brees.
I dont think so Tom Brady is way to old to be playing now
Seriously Tom Brady is 39 and Drew Brees is 38 Not much of a difference.
It doesnt matter the Patriots dont need to win the Saints are a better team
All the Saints do is pay 1 million dollars to a quarter back that claims nothing is ever his fault
Brees has a 1 million dollar arm
Tom Bradys arm is better them Brees and he didnt get 1 million in 2016
Who is the highest paid quarterback in the NFL right now
In 2016 Eli Manning was paid $24,200,000
Wow i wish i could make that in 5 years.
I know  Wonder what the players from the 80s and 90s are thinking right now
That they should have asked for way more.
Definatly i would have.
Wow! Those runners, though!
Yeah, look at that pacing!
Hey look, it's Aaron Rodgers!
Gasps! It really is!
Wave to him!
Hey, Rodgers? What's good?
(Rogers waves back) Wow, he said hi to me!
Nice job!
Thanks, appreciate it!
Now what?
We should probably get some food!
Yes, I'm starving!
What do you wanna get?
Maybe a cheeseburger, a hot dog, some fries and a soda! All sound good?
Yeah, I'll get some nachos, a soda, and corn dogs!
Yeah, that sounds good, too!
Alright, let's chow down!
Hmmm, that's good!
Yup, it is!
Wish we can do things like this all the time!
two more weeks until training camp.
dude, who cares about training camp?
that means that the season is close behind.
man, talk to me when the preseason starts.
i think that's like the first week of august.
yeah i know.
i like training camp because you can get a feel of how your team will be.
man, that's for the coaches and stuff.
naw dude. i be going out to the eagles training camp.
what?
they used to have camp at leheigh university campus, but now it's at the stadium.
and?
and it's free and open to the public. i be going.
you got too much time on your hands.
naw. i just love my nfl football.
me too but i don't be going to training camp and stuff.
because you're not a real fan.
dude, you know what fan is short for don't you?
no. what?
fanatic. you are a football fruity.
Hey, the NFL season is coming up.
Yeah. I am aware. I'm really excited. How about you?
Of course. I am going to be rooting for my favorite team!
What is your favorite team by the way?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
Oh ok.
What's the problem?
Well the Redskins haven't made any advancement from the playoffs to the Super Bowl since the late 90s.
I understand that but I always love a great defensive team. What is your favorite team?
The Dallas Cowboys.
I heard their new stadium is really massive and great for hosting the Super Bowl.
Of course. As long as Tony Romo doesn't get any injuries this year it's all in the bag.
The game isn't won on soley defense. Besides, Romo is getting old don't you think?
This is coming from a Redskins fan? You lost RGIII. Please don't give me a lecture.
Realistically, Romo probably has another season left in him and then he is out.
We will see. How about your draft picks?
What about the draft picks? I'm confident in the choices they made.
I never really am. They just don't listen to the teams and take in consideration for things.
Things such as what?
Salary.
What's the worst "dagger to the heart" that you have experienced watching football?
Watching Ricardo Lockett get hit made me feel sick. I felt like I just watched someone get paralyzed. I'm glad he's alright.
Why or why not does your team  need a new stadium?
RCA stadium? It'll never change. It'll probably outlast the NFL.
If someone you secretly disliked was thinking about becoming a fan of your team, how would you describe your team to them so that they didn't want to root for them?
If I disliked someone I'd want them to root for my team so they could suffer too.
Who would you rather have on your team going forward, Julio Jones or OBJ?
I'd take Julio because that means Atlanta wouldn't have him anymore
What unpopular prediction about the 2016 season did you get correct?
I had the Lions getting the 6 seed believe it or not. Everyone thought without Megatron they'd be 5-11.
Stafford proved last season that he could play well when Johnson was injured
It's the history of the team. The Lions haven't been a consistent team since the 50's so when the generational talent leaves the team people expect them to regress.
Who is the least athletic player to play well at a skill position?
I mean Marques Colston never wowed anyone with his athletic ability but still became the Saints all-time leading WR in every category.
I feel like Peyton Manning wasn't really athletic, he just had a cannon and was accurate
Along that same note, there's a reason Brady wasn't chosen til the 6th round.
What players do you believe had the best Mechanics,Technique, Football IQ?
Prime Revis had the best combination of iq, technique, athleticism and ability to hold with getting penalized I've seen from a corner.
If You can change one draft pick for your team in the past 10 years, who is it?
Derek Carr instead of Kyle Fuller.
Did you see that game between the Chicago Bears and the Houston Texans?
Yes, Chicago fell apart in that second half.
I know, they didn't even score a field goal.
Yep, the Texans' defense was smothering.
How many times did Jay Cutler get sacked?
I believe it was about five times.
Do you know how many passing yards Osweiler had?
Osweiler had 231 passing yards.
What about Jay Cutler. How many yards did he have?
He had about 216 so it wasn't too far from Osweiler.
What was Jay Cutler's QB rating?
His QB rating was not good. It was only 51.3.
What was Osweiler's QB rating?
Osweiler's QB rating was better than Cutler's at 78.5.
Do you know who led the Texans in rushing?
Lamar Miller had 106 rushing yards.
Who was Chicago's leading rush man?
Chicago was led by Jeremy Langford with 57 rushing yards.
Okay, thanks. This season is turning out to be very interesting.
I agree. It will be interesting to see how the rest of the season plays out.
What are your thoughts about the NFC West this year?
I am honestly not sure.
I mean, I think the regular teams are likely picks
I agree. Its sort of Seattle, then the others
That might not be a bad hting though
Good point, its nice to see parity
I think its interesting compared to the NBA
How so?
Well there are less "super" teams in football
I am not sure I agree..the Patriots? Seattle?
Well those are good examples but I'd agrue those are coach based.
Maybe you have a point there
I know it is the case with New Englad at aleast
I agree. Belicheck really is a genuis despite what others say
I just dont get how he can put it all together
No one does
Do you think they will repeat?
Who?
The Patriots
I am not sure...they have a good chance for sure.
Who do you think is going to represent the NFC in the super bowl?
Well Atlanta looked pretty good last year and I don't see them getting any worse.
How about the Cowboys?
With Dak Prescott and Elliot there you can never count them out.
I never saw two rookies come in and make such a big impact right away.
Plus they have a really good o-line.
The Packers should be in the mix as well.
Well when you have Aaron Rodgers you can never count them out.
Did they finally get a running back?
They had Montgomery last year, he was pretty good.
Yeah but he was a wide receiver for a while first.
He didn't do that bad with his switch, plus they drafted a few new backs.
Seattle should still be pretty good too.
Yeah they have a lot of the pieces, but that defense isn't what it used to be.
Well any of those teams could win one game.
I know it should be really interesting to see who gets the BYEs in the playoffs.
Yeah homefield advantage is huge.
I wouldn't want my team going to Lambeau in January.
Yeah for sure, the cold is a really big factor.
Yeah for sure, the regular season is going to be important for all those teams.
What's going on with the Cleveland Browns?
I have no idea, I just hope they do good this year.
I'm not real familiar with the newer players.
Yes, I miss the old guys but I guess they weren't very good.
The classic Browns were awesome.
Yes, but they never won a super bowl.
Do you like the Steelers?
No way. Got friends that do.
If you're from Cleveland and are a Pittsburg Steelers fan, you are a traitor.
Yes, I don't get it.
I hope the Carolina Panthers do good.
Why is that?
I like their logo and colors. I used to play Madden years ago.
That was so fun, good times. I miss playing XBOX all the time.
Are there any other teams you like?
Not really; no player crushes either.
My husband lives fantasy football all year round.
I guess you can make money that way if you know what you're doing.
I always look forward to the NFL super bowl every year.
Yes, it's like a holiday. It doesn't matter which teams play.
Did the Raiders ever win a second Super Bowl?
Yes, back in 1981
But for the 1980 season.
Yes that's right.
Who did they play that year?
The Philadelphia Eagles
Oh man, the Eagles first and only Super Bowl.
Well yes their first, but they went to another Super Bowl.
But they've never won one.
That's correct.
Man that's too bad for them.
Depends on whether or not you're an Eagles fan.
Any big players back then.
Raiders had a bunch - Ray Guy, Gene Upshaw, Art Shell
Who was Ray Guy?
Legendary punter
Oh that's right, he's in the Hall of Fame.
Yes, one of the only punters in the hall.
I remember Art Shell as well.
Yes, was their coach as well.
Hey man, you ready for the NFL season to start?
Yeah dude, not having any games going on is driving me crazy.
Haha I feel you, the year is more fun when the games are going.
Yeah, for sure. I hope we see a game as exciting as the super bowl again this year.
Yeah that game was one for the archives. Can't believe the Broncos pulled it off like they did.
It was awesome!
Speaking of which, did you get a chance to watch the draft?
Nah sadly not this year, had some business so I couldn't really pay attention to it.
Understandable, I didn't really catch it while it was happening but I did read that it was the most attended draft in history.
Wow really? That's pretty crazy.
Yeah this was the first time it was held outside so people could gather around, apparently there was over 200,000 people there.
Crazy!
Wonder if the Bears will turn it around this year...
Don't hold your breath man, they did really terrible in 2016.
Yeah I know, but they are still my home team so I have to root for them.
You don't have to root for anyone, besides you're in California now, pick a new team to root for.
Have you seen the teams around here? I will just stick with the Bears.
Fair enough haha, forgot how bad things were over there. Man you sure know how to live around some stinkers.
Very funny. We all anyway man I gotta go do some stuff I will catch you this saturday.
Yeah for sure, see you there man.
Did you see that Rams Vs. 49ers game?
I watched some of it but turned it off at halftime.
I couldn't believe the Rams got shut out like that.
Oh yea, what was the final score?
The Rams lost 28 to 0.
Are you telling me that the Rams couldn't even get a field goal?
Yes, I was shocked by their performance.
I'm glad I didn't watch the second half.
Yes, you didn't miss too much.
How many passing yards did Keenum get?
A lowly 120 yards.
Really? What was his QB rating?
You are not going to believe this but 5.1.
How is that even possible?
Everyone he threw the ball to dropped passes.
Unbelievable, how did Gabbert do for the 49ers?
He had 170 passing yards and a QB rating of 91.
Well, that explains why his team won.
Yep, I think I am not going to watch the Rams next week.
I agree. I may go to sleep early again.
Let's talk about Thursday Night Football. Is it a good idea or a bad idea?
The NFL on Thursday has been around for decades, and some of the NFL's most memorable games have been played on Thursdays.
But now players complain...
There is a move by the union to keep the players off the field as much as possible. This effort is not sustainable. The only concession the union is likely to get from the league on this point is larger rosters so more players are available.
A concession the union doesn't want...
Exactly. Instead of seeing increased value in growing the rank and file, they see decreased value in carving up the revenue pie into more slices. The union believes in the "fixed pie" fallacy.
What about the Cowboys dominating scheduling for prime time games?
This is a case of "the more things change, the more they stay the same." A review of the schedule from 1978-1982 shows the Cowboys in the same position, including playing in what were then novel Sunday Night Football games.
The Chiefs get a lot of attention in big game scheduling also.
Kansas City is a great venue for football, televised or otherwise, and the Chiefs have some nationwide appeal, and also the same "middle America" appeal that Green Bay enjoys.
Is playing in Mexico City a good idea?
I think so. Only the NFL knows if it makes money on such efforts, but it certainly opens up markets for the participating teams.
The Raiders are a good fit.
They are, and the Chargers should get on board as well. Taking the same approach to Mexico that Jacksonville has to London might have enabled the Chargers to stay in San Diego and make a go of it.
Will the Jaguars move to London permanently?
I doubt it. There are too many problems with that relating to travel, taxation and marketing. But their current approach to London is working for them, it seems.
Is NFL expansion on the horizon?
Unlikely. The "fixed pie" fallacy appeals to the league as it does to the union, and scheduling gets harder as more teams are added. There aren't many attractive markets for expansion.
Are any teams prone to relocation now?
Not really. Buffalo is secure with new ownership. Jacksonville is going nowhere. The Chargers might go back to San Diego, but that's unlikely.
Have you seen the last superbowl?
Of course I did, I bet 20$ on the game
Who did you bet on?
The patriots
Then you must've been very nervous
Without a doubt, I was a wreck
It looked like they were certainly going to lose the game
Yeah especially at half time
Where did you watch the game
At a superbowl party
Were your friends teasing you about your bet?
You bet it, it was quite annoying
But it sounds like you got the last laugh in the end
I laughed so hard when Brady started the comeback
I bet you were yelling and screaming at the TV
I was extremely loud and I was very annoying
What did you do with your prize money?
I just bought some beer for the party
Well that makes you a good winner!
Yes, I didn't want to make anyone mad by winning, so I contributed to the people
What's your favorite team?
The Cowboys
I hate the cowboys.
Then who is your favorite team?
I like the Packers.
Who is your favorite player currently?
I like Aaron Rogers?
He's ok
Who is your favorite?
Dak Prescott...But i'm also a big fan of Odell Beckham Jr.
He's cool
Yeah. His team is really good.
I think they're ok.
Who is the worst team to you?
I hate the Cleveland Browns.
Yeah, they're not very good.
I don't like the Jacksonville jaguars either.
They're not so bad to me.
Well i wish your team lots of luck.
Yours too.
The football is almost back.
Great, at last!
Our team needs some work.
You think so? I though they were all right.
They won't get in unless they sign somebody.
You can't make the playoffs every year.
Especially when you play Atlanta and Dallas twice.
They do all right at home.
I don't know; did you see that Super Bowl?
Well the New England defense came out soft.
Yeah, but that quarterback has no conscience.
He is good.
We don't play them until week five, so that is something.
I hope Dallas falls off.
Wouldn't bet on it.
With our receivers, we are in any game.
Hey, don't they have to play in Paris this year?
You mean London! I hope not.
At least the game is on at 9 AM.
Kind of too early, don't you think?
Are you ready for some football?
Is it that time of year already?
You know it!
I am getting sick of baseball.
I think it will be the best season ever!
I hope so.
You know, they had that last game. It took a 60 yard pass to beat them.
Don't remind me. Darn that Rogers!
It's my pet peeve; they lost containment.
Well, the guy in the back of the end zone was too deep too.
That ain't going to happen again.
Right.
Who knows? Anyway, the running backs are looking good.
Nobody cares about the running game. It's a passing league now.
Yeah, I liked it when there was a balanced game.
You mean in 1972 with the Bears?
You don't have to go back that far, dude!
Or I guess the Chargers were balanced with Dan Fouts.
Were you even alive back then?
Let's not forget the m
CAN'T WAIT FOR FOOTBALL TO START AND I DON'T MEAN PRESEASON!
TELL ME ABOUT IT.....TIRED OF BASEBALL
ANYONE BUT THE PATRIOTS
MY BUCS PICKED UP A COUPLE GOOD ONES AND BETTER THAN YOUR DOLPHINS
WHAT ABOUT YOUR PRECIOUS STEELERS
CAN'T WIN WITHOUT CHANGES AND THEY DON'T HAVE THE GUTS TO DO THAT
THEY NEED TO SIGN BELL AND MAKE HIM HAPPY
OPENING NIGHT IS CHIEFS AND PATRIOTS
SHOULD HAVE FALCONS AND PATRIOTS REMATCH
NO WAY....TOO MANY BAD MEMORIES EVEN FOR ME
PATRIOTS, COWBOYS, AND PACKERS ARE THE FAVORITES TO GO TO SUPER BOWL IN 2018
PACKERS ARE TOO WISHY WASHY AND COWBOYS COULD WITHOUT QUARTERBACK DRAMA LINGERING
I SAW THE STEELERS PICK UP WATT'S LITTLE BROTHER IN THE DRAFT....WONDER IF HE WILL DO THE SAME
I LOVE WATCHING WATT PLAY AND IF HIS BROTHER IS THE SAME THEN HE WILL FIT WELL WITH THE STEELERS
SAINTS AND VIKINGS ARE FIRST MONDAY NIGHT
NOT A BREES FAN ANYMORE
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE A GAME UP IN PACKER COUNTRY WHEN ITS COLD AND SNOWY AND THE FANS ARE CRAZY!!
JUST READY TO WATCH FOOTBALL NO MATTER WHERE....GO STEELERS!
GO BUCS!  GO DOLPHINS!  GO ANYONE BUT  PATRIOTS!  ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL?????
YOU BET I AM!!  SUNDAY...MONDAY...THURSDAY!!!!
Apparently not every town is a big supporter of their NFL football team.
Why's that?
The New York Jets want to build a helicopter pad at their training facility, and a nearby town is protesting it.
What are they complaining about, the helicopter noise?
That, and it's a safety risk if there's an accident.
Why do the Jets need the helicopter pad?
They want to use it for executive's travel, and for injured athletes to be quickly flown out.
Well, I'm sure no one cares about fat cat executives, but injured players is a good excuse for one.
There's an airport a couple of miles from there, so locals say there isn't that big a need.
Maybe so, but if a player has a really bad injury, transporting them by ambulance to the airport could be painful.
They already tried to propose it a couple years ago, but people objected a lot them.
So why are they bringing it up again?
They said they don't need permission from the locals because it is on state property owned by the Sports Authority.
So whose decision is it?
The state's Department of Transportation has to approve it.
What do you think the chances are with that?
Somebody from the state said they were considering the proposal.
Protestors have a way of stopping things though.
The Department of Transportation said the time limit for the public to appeal was over, but they were reading the comments.
Well, I personally hope they get it, because athletes need to have the best medical care available, and that includes medical transport.
Did you catch that Raiders vs. Saints game last night?
No, what happened.
Man, you missed a good one.
What was the score?
Raiders won 35 to 34.
Oh no. I fell asleep before the game came on.
Yep, Derek Carr had a good game.
How many yards did Carr pass for?
He passed for 319 yards.
What did Drew Brees do?
Brees played well himself. He had 423 passing yards.
How many rushing yards did the Raiders get?
I think it was about 167 yards.
What about the Saints? How many rush yards did they get?
The Saints had 88 rush yards.
Wow, they could barely run the football.
Yep, Oakland's rush defense shut them down.
Oh well, I guess the Saints will have better luck next time.
Maybe so but they will have to make some adjustments.
Yep, I expect the Saints head coach to review the film and learn from any mistakes.
Who are your favorite NFL announcers of all time? They don't necessarily need to be current.
Well, I have a special place in my heart of John Madden. He sort of opened up color commentary to a whole new level of fun and insight.
Yeah, he was a total natural. He combined great insight and humor, like you were alluding to.
I would have to say that currently I do like Al Michaels and Chris Collinsworth. I think they are the best tandem and I will tune into games they play just to hear them call the game.
I think that's a first. I don't know if I've ever heard of anyone tune into an NFL game just to hear the commentators.
Well, yeah, it's hard to explain why they are so good. I think they have a chemistry that few can match.
There are other teams that are just as smart or provide good analysis, but I agree, they just have a certain synergy together that is unparalleled.
I completely agree. If we are talking all-time greats, you can't forget Howard Cosell.
Naturally and no doubt. Such a wordsmith -- and that voice and New York accent. Pure genius!
Yes, and he called perhaps the saddest game of all-time, a Monday night game when John Lennon passed away.
Oh, yes, I remember that, he was very classy about how he handled that situation.
Not to switch gears too much but what ever happened to Brent Musburger? He was so good!
Yeah, I don't know myself. He brought a certain sort of calm, analytical professionalism to the games he called.
Yeah, and for awhile there in the 80's, he was THE announcer when CBS ruled sports broadcasting.
I'm not exactly sure what happened to him, perhaps he was phased out due to old age.
In terms of some of the newer announcers, I sort of like Jon Gruden. He was this macho swagger that I sort of like.
Yeah, it's kinda like a military drill sargent calling a game. I think he's an acquired taste, but I think for most football fans, he's a good fit.
I know this is a "hot take" -- sort of -- but I like Joe Buck. I know I'm probably in the minority here, but I think he's professional and calls a good game.
Yeah, I think you lost me with that one. I'm waiting for him to retire. I think he said he's going to move on at a point in the not so distant future.
Overall, I think the sport has a number of good announcers and good announcing teams. It's a good time to be a fan!
Who is your favorite NFL team?
I love the cowboys. What about you?
I am a Dolphins fan all the way
Dolphins play in a tough division.
Oh yeah its hard to win the division with the Patroits there
Yeah the Patroits amaze me every year
How about them Boys? Do you think Prescot has another breakout year?
I think if Elliot and run the way he did last year he will
They were a great combo last year. I could see them running the table again this year
Yeah I think they brought some life back to the cowboys fans
Yeah I was hoping they could go all the way after my team was out lol
Miami is a stong team and I think they are going to be even stronger this year. They picked up some talent this year
Yeah but they always seem to make good moves and play good durring most of the season. But they can never win the games they need too
Yeah I know what you mean. The games that count
Excatly the ones that matter most
Do we play you guys this year?
Im not sure I havent looked at the schedule yet
If so I think we take it
It would be a good game for sure
No doubt I would like to see it
What NFL team do you like?
I guess you could say I'm a Bears fan.
Chicago? Is that where you're from?
Yes.
When was the last time they won?
The last year they won was in 1986.
That was before I can remember. Was it with Ditka as the coach?
Yes. The town went nuts.
Really? How so?
I remember hearing about the Lane Tech High School marching band being ransacked during the parade.
Who were the players?
I remember a few of them. Walter Payton was the star running back and William "the refrigerator" Perry was their main offensive lineman.
Why did they call him the refrigerator?
Basically, he was a big heavy-set dude, so people equated his size and weight with a refrigerator.
He didn't ahve the typical ripped physique people associate with athletes?
No, he was quite the opposite of that.
I see. Who was the quarterback?
It was Jim McMahon.
Was there a famous song about the Bears?
Yes. It was called "The Superbowl Shuffle."
I really like the Pats offensive skill set.
They proved it against St. Louis, and they didn't even have Gronk.
That must have killed him.
Well, he was limited to 9 games, but he was as good as any other tight end.
True, but he is usually way better.You think he'll have a good year?
Yes, I see him on the circuit, no restrictions! He appears ready to go.
They also added the dude from New Orleans, what is his name?
Brandin Cooks.He can really fly?
How fast, faster than Hogan.For sure, not even a doubt!
Randy Moss then! I would not try to compare his speed to Moss.
He was different, almost all throws were upfield. Cooks is a bit shorter, too, but can also play the slot.
Really, they have 5 receivers, all at least very good. Malcolm Mitchell came on strong!
And Amendola keeps taking payouts in order to stay on the team. Danny is still a clutch player.With proper use, he could play two or three more years.
Do you think they should've jettisoned the big back?
Personally, what I think does not matter! We trust in Bill!
LaGarette Blount was on fire last year. He scored 18 touchdowns!
But, maybe Belicek always gets it right with guys. Can you remember any coming back to bite him in the..
No, he is the greatest coach in football history, even above Bill Walsh.
How about Vince Lombardi.He won the first two Superbowls. He would have won more if he came later.
Lombardi was great.But..what if the Pats win it again?
Ok, here's my pick for the Superbowl this year.  Dallas vs New England.
All right.  I think it will be Carolina vs Denver.
Oh, so you don't think the Patriots will make it this year.
I hope not.  I'm getting pretty tired of the New England Cheaters winning year after year.
Yeah, that's what happens when you win all the time.  I remember when my cowboys used to get that kind of hate.
Some of us still hate on them pretty good.
That's for sure.  All teams that dominate a decade get that.  The Steelers in the '70's and 9ers in the '80's.
And part of the '90's too.
Yeah, and the boys in the '90's.  But as America's team they have had haters for a long time.
Like the Raiders.  You either love em' or hate em'
Well, who wins the AFC East then?
Oh, I think that New England will win that.  I think they will lose to Denver in the AFC Championship.
Ok, What about the AFC north?
I think Pittsburgh and Big Ben got another year in them and will take the division.
And the South.
I don't think any team from there is going anywhere but Tennessee will probably win that division.
Probably.  Who is going to give Denver trouble in the West?
Probably KC.
Not the Raiders?
I'm not even sure they will be called the Raiders, much less them being much of a challenge for a while.
Hey..countdown for the NFL 2017 begins are u excited?
Yep...waiting to see what is in store for this year
I see there are lot of new and exciting players?
Yes each team has done their homework
I see there are lot of senior players are waiting to prove the point
Yes also dont forget Big ben or Tom Brady
I believe this will be Big Ben's year dont you think?
I also believe he deserves one more ring
It was a close season last time but i believe this year can be his..
Speaking about this makes me eager to wait for the kick off game
Do you think the pre-season games have any help to the teams?
I dont think so...it is kind of becoming a waste
I generall dont watch the preseason games...not that exciting
Me too...but hopefully this year will be different
Hopefully we will get to see different teams in the playoffs
Yep i want to see the change..want to see more youngsters
Based on the predictions young guns are going to rock this season
I am also waiting to see that
Lets set up a kick off party at our place
thats a good way to begin the season...
Who do you think is the best quarterback in the NFL?
I would have to say that it is probably Tom Brady if I had to pick one.
Who was the other quarterback you would pick if you could pick two.
It would definitely be Aaron Rodgers.
What do you think about the Patriots?
I think they are actually pretty amazing. It's a very well run franchise.
What do you think about the accusations that they cheat all the time.
I think that most teams probably do.
What do you think is so amazing about them?
It really seems like they can turn about any NFL player into a star.
That does seem true. Randy Moss really did resurect his career when he went there.
Do you think they will win the Super Bowl again?
If I had to bet on one team to do it, it would be them. They are just so good on both sides of the ball.
Who do you think has the best chance of knocking them off?
It really is hard to pick any one team. To me they are the only team that really stands out.
I would probably say that Atlanta might be able to beat them if given another chance.
It's possible. Matt Ryan seems to still be underrated despite the fact he won the MVP.
I think he sure seems to have more weapons than what he used to to work with.
Julio Jones is probably the best receiver in the NFL right now.
I would say it's between him, Antonio Brown, and O'dell Becham Jr.
Okay, so I don't really understand this football stuff at all.
What don't you understand?
Well, I want to be able to enjoy NFL games when we watch them. But I don't get the basic rules.
Like, about what down it is?
Yeah. What's a down?
Oh wow. Okay. Back to basics then.
So what is it?
A down is like a play. If you play four times without getting 10 yards forward, the other team gets the ball.
Okay. That makes sense.
And it resets if you move forward 10 or more yards.
I can understand that.
Anything else?
How do you win?
You score the most points.
How do you score points?
Well, you either get a touchdown, or through a kick.
Which is worth more?
A touchdown.
I guess I've got a lot to figure out.
I bet the NFL sells a rulebook!
Smallwood is going make a difference this year for the Eagles.
He is definitely I would agree.
He is confident and learned a lot this year.
Spring training has helped prepare the Eagles for a tough season.
I think they could go all the way.
I hope they do.
What year did the Eagles last make the Super Bowl?
They were there in 2005.
Wow, that's a long time ago.
They only made it twice to the Super Bowl.
I still think this is their year.
What makes a team able to get to the Super Bowl?
I think determination.
They have to have a lot of skill and talent as well.
It only takes one great year.
That's true, it could happen this year.
What team made the Super Bowl the most?
The Patriots and Steelers have made it a lot.
They do tend to seem to be winners a lot.
I'm excited for the season.
I was thinking about the NFL uniforms and wondered how they were ranked as to best and worst.
Interesting. What did you find out?
One poll showed  Seattle Seahawks as the best and Jacksonville Jaguars the worst.
I think those are both really boring uniforms.
I agree but not as boring as Tampa Bay Buccaneers. They fit terrible and they look like the leftover candy from Halloween that you liked the least.
Wow that's a heck of a description!
Cleveland Browns are about on the same level they look like brown and orange candy corn.
I like Green Bay and Pittsburgh Steelers uniforms. They make a statement.
Yes those are good ones for sure.
I wonder how expensive uniforms are?
The helmets cost around $1000 and I think the jersey is  about $200  and pants $100.
Then you have all the other "extras".
Yeah it's ridiculous  when you start thinking about what they are charged from these sports companies.
Yeah like 35-50 for a pair of socks!
No wonder they charge so much for tickets
Everybody gouges everybody else because they know they can get away with it.
Vendors screwing the patrons with ridiculous vending prices and the stadiums screwing the vendors for primo spots to sell there wares or food.
yeah unless you are rich it's almost impossible to go to a game.
They don't give a crap about the common man.
Yes  i wished they would make it more affordable for more people
Bro, if you had to take one quarterback this year, who would it be?
Oh man that's a tough question, it's gotta be either Rodgers or Brady.
You gotta pick one to take you to the Super Bowl.
I'll go with Brady, he's probably the best quarterback to ever play the game.
I would argue that he isn't, I think he just got with a great coach at a perfect time.
The guy has won 5 super bowls and owns so many records. You're crazy if you don't think he's the best
I think the best way to look at it is when he was hurt that one season.
When he tore his ACL?
Yeah, he gets hurt, and Matt Cassel comes in.
You mean the Cassel that was terrible in Kansas City?
Yes indeed. The same Matt Cassel that has now played terribly on 5 more NFL teams.
So what's your point?
Matt Cassel came in and led the Patriots to an 11-5 record.  And put up some great stats doing it.
Yeah I remember that, I think they franshise tagged him after that year.
Right, he was awesome for the Patriots, got a big contract playing somewhere else, then was terrible.
So what does that have to do with Brady not being the best ever.
I think it's pretty clear that Belichek is the great one here, and can win with anyone under center.
He's done it for so long though.
All I'm saying is, there's better quarterbacks out there, like Rodgers, who havent had the advantage of having the best coach of all time.
Agree to disagree.
Do you want to answer some NFL trivia questions to test your knowledge?
Sure man!  I think I know everything there is to know about football.
Ok, who has the most career passing yards?
That's an easy one.  Peyton Manning is the man with 71,940 yards.
Who has thrown the most career interceptions?
Another easy one!  Brett Farve has thrown the most with 336.
Ok here's a harder one.  Who has had the most career fumbles?
That's easy!  Brett Farve again gets that honor with 166.
Ok let's try another one.  Who has thrown the most career interceptions?
That one's a little tougher, but I think it was Paul Krause with 81.
What player has the most career rushing yards?
That would be one of my favorite all time players, Emmett Smith, with 18,355 yards.
Did you know that Emmett Smith also holds the record for the most career rushing touchdowns as well?
Yes, he was an amazing player and athlete.
Who holds the record for the best pass completions?
Another great player, Drew Brees, has that record with 66.6%.
Did you know that Jerry Rice has the record for the most receptions with 1,549?
No, I sure didn't know that one.  That's impressive!
Lastly, which quarterback has the most 4th quarter comebacks?
That would be my man Peyton Manning with 45 4th quarter comebacks.  That man was a beast.
Are you a Bears fan at all?
I really don't like the Bears.
Understandable. So, I guess you're a Packers fan?
I'm more partial to the Packers, yeah.
The Bears had a really rough time last season.
Yeah, I feel like they're losing fans.
I can't believe they only had three wins last season.
It doesn't seem like they'll have many more this coming season either.
Yeah, I feel like they gave up too much in the draft.
Me too. It wasn't worth losing their picks for a quarterback.
I agree to an extent. They did need a quarterback, though.
Yeah, but they still have huge problems in their defense that could have been addressed.
True, they did pick up a tight end, though.
They got Sheenan, right?
Yeah, and Trubinsky as a quarterback.
Trubinsky was actually the top prospect for quarterbacks.
Yeah, he was. I still think they gave up way too much for him.
I agree. Trubinsky and Sheenan are not going to be able to carry the team themselves.
Definitely not. They're still ranked 32nd overall.
That's not the spot you want to be in starting off a new season.
You ready for football?
Yes I can't wait!
Who's your team?
Cardinals
Yeah they are awesome!
Hope they make it to the Super Bowl this year.
Who's your favorite player?
I loved Washington but we let him go.
I love Larry.
Yes Larry is a great player.
What do you think of coach?
Coach is the best!
The team always seems to be a TEAM.
They are very in tune with each other
Who is the team you dislike the most?
I hate the Seahawks, you?
I hate the Raiders.
Yeah they are a dirty team often.
One more month until preseason.
WOOO HOOO!
Hey
Hi
Cool what's good
Nothing much
Oh yeah?
Yeah
Wanna chill
We can
What day is it
Like what
The day of the week
Sunday
Yeah we can watch NFL games
Sounds cool
So coming
Yep for sure
Hooray
Whose playing
It's the all star game
Perfect
Who do you think the top five NFL teams will be this year?
That is a hard question.
It is.  I would start with the returning Superbowl champs.
The Patriots?
Yup.
Then I would include the Falcons.
I would agree with that.
Then who do you think number three would be?
I think the Raiders.
I would agree with that.  Seems odd.
Why do you think it is odd.
Because they had not been good for many years.
Yes, they had a rough stretch.
Then what about the number four team.
I think I would go with the Steelers.
That is probably a good choice.
And at five?
I would say Packers.
Yup, Green Bay has been good for a long time.
Rogers helps them with that.
Who is the best defensive lineman in the NFL?
Playing or past?
Either.
In the past I really liked watching Warren Sapp.  I don't know that he was the best though.
Okay.  So who do you think is current best?
I think Khalil Mack plays well.
Mack is a great player.
I think he really raises the quality of his team.
Who does he play for again.
The Oakland Raiders.
That is right.
Speaking of the Raiders what do you think of Carr?
The quarterback?
Yes.
I don't know much about him.
I didn't watch him close last year but it seemed like he had a lot of highlights.
I guess he did since I know the name.
I will have to pay more attention to him this year.
I think he must be fun to watch.
I sure hope so.
Mam, let me stop you there.
Yes?
Is that a Pittsburgh Steelers jersey you're wearing?
Why yes it is. My spouse got it for me.
I just love the Steelers.
Me too. Welcome, nation.
Yes, indeed. Who is your favorite Steelers player?
I love Antonio.
Antonio Bryant? The wide receiver?
Yes, the wide receiver.
Wow, me too!
That's simply amazing.
How do you think they'll do this year?
I think they'll go to the playoffs but lose in the second round again.
Will they play Seattle again?
I hope so. I love those games.
I love them too.
We beat them in the Super Bowl a few years back.
Yes, my spouse and I celebrated for weeks thereafter.
Good times for the Steelers. Good times.
What do you like most about the game of football?
That's a really hard question because there are a lot of elements that are really engaging.
If you had to pick one, what would it be?
I think I would say that I really like the physical contact the most.
Big hits are always entertaining.
Not just big hits, but even just two large men trying to push each other around.
A lot of injuries result from those big hits though.
A lot of injuries happen without big hits too.
Most of the injuries I see are the result of some type of hit or tackle.
When you see a player injured in baseball or basketball is it because they got tackled?
No, but players in those games aren't frequently receiving head injuries.
Would you say football players receive more head injuries than boxers?
I would actually have to look at some statistics on that, but I feel like boxers probably have more head injuries.
And Muhammad Ali is a pretty good example of how debilitating they can be.
It sounds like you're defending football injuries.
No, I'm not defending them.  I'm just stating the fact that many sports have frequent injuries.
So do you think the NFL should do more to protect players from injuries?
I think they should always be pushing for that, but you also have to realize that everyone involved with football knows how dangerous it is.
And yet many players are quite vocal about their love for the game.
Indeed, some things are so physically and mentally rewarding that they're worth the risk.
Lets talk about the nfl
Sounds great
Do you like the 49ers
They are okay
They are my favorite team
Mine is dallas cowboys
They play the cowboys october 22nd
That should be a good game
I agree
What time do they play
3:05 central time
Oh good
I like afternoon games
Me too
If theyre on too late i fall asleep
Same here
Im looking forward to the 49ers and panthers game
The panthers are a great team
Yes its the first gsme of the season
Thats cool
Are you getting the NFL channel this year again?
Of course, I don't want to miss good games.
Are you still Seahawks fan?
Yup, always!
Russell Wilson's good, but I think my team will beat you this season!
No way! Your QB's getting old.
Ouch! That's true though, unfortunately...
And I thought Larry is retiring.
No, he'll play another season. He can still play good.
I don't know...he's getting up there, too.
Sadly, yeah. We will be needing new QB and receivers...
You guys need a whole new team!
Nah, you saw David Johnson. He's young and super talented.
What position does he play?
He's a running back.
Oh, yeah, now I remember. Yeah, he is good.
Right? Besides we still have decent defense.
Still Seahawks will beat the Cards, for sure.
As long as the Patriots doesn't win I don't care.
Ugh! I know, I'm sick of them!
Who would've ever thought that sports can be scruitinized in such details?
Well, we do love knowing a lot about sports. We need history, stats, the last time this happened, that happened etc
But we don't even analyze the inancial markets in such details.
Of course we do. Balcks scholes equation is a stochastic differential equation that models the options pricing.
Can we do something similar for the NFL?
Someone probably already has done it. But what's the point Black Schole equation doesn't work.
Which is why the LTCM went bankrupt. But if we know why it doesn't work, then we can make it work for the NFL and predict the games.
Toss a coin, that's the simple version of the Black Scholes. it will win half the time at least
Haha. You think you're so funny
Anyway, so the ratings, yeah. It's got some issues, but gives us a great correlation as to who the better player is.
But better players do not always win the game, so what's the point?
Ugh, like I said, it's a guideline. That's all. It just feels better than betting blindly.
Might as well bet blindly, if it only gives you the trends and guidelines.
No. It helps a lot.
You know would be cool?
Oh boy, here we go again
I want a surface graph of total offense that rate 3 dimensions. Run efficiency, reception efficiency, and one more...
um... how are you defining the efficiencies?
Run efficiency would be runs attempted divided by yards gained.
The NFL already has this. It's called average yards gained by run. For the individual players as well as for the team. Only thignn new would be to put that in a graph. but you can't it's just one number for each
I am getting excited about football season.
You're getting excited about football?  It is the beginning of July.
Rookie camp starts in two weeks.
Rookie camp?  Come on man, that's not that exciting.
It is to me. I can't help but think of all the effort that these guys put out to get to that spot and I get excited for them.
You're a good fan. Any predictions for this year?
I predict the Patriots do not win the Super Bowl.
Oh really, so who is going to win?
The Pittsburgh Steelers, that's who!
And why is that?
Because they have more talent on offense than anybody.  Roethlisberger, AB, LeVeon and now Martavis is back.
Yeah the offense is strong but I think defense wins football games.
The defense will be better too.
Why?
Because Cam Heyward and Bud Dupree are both injury free.
That's really the key isn't it.  I mean, staying healthy that is.
That is the most important thing of all.  I can't even begin to tell you how many games have turned on injuries.
Games have turned and unfortunately, so have careers.
Man, I know, it is the worst part of the game.
Always terrible to see.
Only a couple months before football begins again.
I know and I'm really excited.
Me too, my favorite team just finally got a replacement running back.
Which is your favorite team?
I'm a Seattle Seahawks fan.
So you're referring to replacing Marshawn Lynch?
Yes, hopefully our new running back will provide what we need.
Who is the new running back?
We traded for Eddie Lacy.
That might be a good fit, I've been a fan of his for some time.
I've been impressed with him in the past, but I'm concerned why Green Bay would trade him away.
That's definitely a valid concern.  Most teams wont trade high profile names unless there's some reason for them to do so.
I've seen lots of comments about his weight and it contributing to injuries.
I think I remember hearing that he was overweight.
I saw a couple games where he clearly looked to be too heavy.
Hopefully he'll be a hard worker for the Seahawks.
If he can stay in shape I think he will be the best addition to the team since Russel Wilson was drafted.
And if he can keep from getting injured.
That's always a concern, but I feel like he's more durable than the other guys we've had the past couple of seasons.
It seems like that Thomas Rawls guy is always hurt.
I just saw highlights of Superbowl VIII.
I'm not a sports history nut.
Miami over Minnesota, second team to win consecutive Superbowls.
Who were the quarterbacks?
Bob Griese for Miami, Fran Tarkenton for the Vikings.
Where did they play?
Rice Stadium, Houston.
Who scored first?
Miami scored two touchdowns in the first quarter, no score for Minnesota.
What was the score at halftime?
17-0.
Who was in the halftime show?
The Texas Longhorns band and Miss Texas.
Not much there.
Miami scored once more in the third to make it 24-0.
When did the Vikings score?
Fourth quarter, four yard run.
Who made the touchdown?
Fran Tarkenton on a scramble.
Too bad - I liked the Vikings.
Who won the Superbowl last year again?
Oh gosh, I think the Falcons?
The Falcons? I'm asking about the 2016 game.
Yeah, Patriots versus Falcons, wasn't it?
I think the Patriots won that one.
Oh, well why did you ask then?
I don't know, I guess your wrong answer fueled my memory.
Ha ha, well if it was the Patriots like you said they are unstoppable.
Not really, I mean I'm sure they've lost before.
Of course they have, but they've won so much lately.
They have like 5 titles, don't they?
Something like that, I know other teams have more though.
I know for certain the Packers have won the most titles.
Since the NFL was created?
Yep, they've won 13.
And how do you know that exactly?
My family are huge Packers fans and bring it up every season.
Ha ha, well good on your family and the Packers.
I don't think they've won in a while though.
Probably not, but I'm sure they will again soon.
Remember when Tyler Lockett got his leg crushed during that touchdown catch last season?
Oh god, yes. You could feel it thru the TV set.
His leg got munched and he was like a foot from the goal line.
Wilson got abused too trying to make that TD.
Yes, it was sad thet it was only a 3 pointer after all that abuse.
Oh yeah, and from Arizona to boot.
I think that was the turn around for Arizona.
You think?
Yeah. They when from "Meh" to "Hey, these guys are getting good!"
Thinking about it i think you are right.
Arizona's stats are strong for this season.
We'll see.
Is Marcus Mariotta's ankle healed yet?
Probably, i'll have to look it up.
Go check, i'll wait.
Ok, says he healed and will be playing.
Right on, i like him.
I think i would have liked him more if Tampa had picked him up.
You are still better about that?
Not so much now as Winston is playing better.
I went to the game two weeks ago and the stadium was packed to the hilt
Who was playing?
The home team you know, the Patriots against the Steelers
Did you get a good parking space
Actually since we knew it would be crowded there, we took the bus
Good idea
You know the Patriots won though
Naturally, they are a pretty good team
Well I have seen the Patriots lose a few times
I was not wasn't saying they have never lost
Yeah because they lost last year
To whom ?
To the Bills  then the Seahawks
Yeah but that record was pretty impressive last year
Two losses
What could be better than that?
I don't know I guess you have a point. As I was saying the tickets sold out and the stadium was really packed
Did you all get good seats though?
Yes, though they were way up in the stands
Cool. Glad you all got through that okay
Who is your sleeper team for this year?
Tampa Bay Bucs are looking scary on offense.
Didn't they get Jackson the wideout?
Yep, he is super dangerous.  They also picked up a tight end in the draft.
They have put together a lot of tools for Winston.
It is going to be hard for defenses to pick who to cover.
Winston might have a break out year with all these options.
The downside might be trying to keep everyone happy.
Those wideouts and tight ends are all going to want the ball, yep, you are right.
This is going to be a good problem to have.
Adding Jackson into the mix means every play could go the length of the field.
The guy is really dangerous when he is used right.
The real sleeper is the new tight end.
Keeping those chains moving is idea.
Having good players all around is a luxury.
They are really loaded up.  Teams are going to have a hard time on defense.
Winston will be in the conversation when it comes to stats.
They just have to keep him protected.
Pass rush might be the only thing that can slow him down.
Winston is big and strong, he just has to stay healthy.
do you think the Seahawks will win their division this year?
I do.  I don't think that they will have too much trouble.
You don't think that Arizona will challenge them?
No, though I think they will do better then San Francisco will
Yeah, probably.  What about the Rams?
They have improved but I think they still need a piece or two before they are a challenge.
Where do you think they need to improve?
At quarterback and Defense.
Yeah, they are pretty strong now with their offensive line and running back.
Right.  But I think Seattle will have no problem beating all them.
Do you see any challenges in the rest of the NFC for Seattle?
There will be a couple I think.  Like Carolina and the Lions.
Can't forget about Green bay. They are always there.
That's true.  Rogers is still at the helm so anything can happen there.
What about the NFC East.  They are usually pretty tough.
I know.  I think that the Giants may be there and who know's about Dallas.
Yeah, it's hard to say which Cowboy team will show up.
Or if any will now that they are all getting suspended or arrested.
Right.  Well, don't count out their new quarterback.
I don't think it will be an issue for the Hawks this year.
How are you feeling about the Cowboys this year?
Really bad.
You think they don't have a chance
No I'm really not a fan these days
I agree, they've been pretty disappointing
I just can't get behind them because they throw away games
You were a fan for so long
Yes since I was a kid but it was just painful to watch really
Do you follow anyone now?
I live on the West coast now so I go to some 49ers games?
I've been impressed recently
Sure not bad at all. I enjoy the atmosphere
I've been a lifelong Saints guy but lately I'm really impressed with the Seahawk
They have a really tight team
It's pretty aspirational I think
It will be interesting to see if they can keep it up
That's the test, my Saints faded away the next year
That's the difference between good and great
Will you be going to the Superbowl
No way. I'll never go again unless by some miracle the Cowboys make it there
Hey are you ready for football this year?
I sure am! I have my DVR set to record all the preseason games too.
Which team are you rooting for this year?
I always root for the Atlanta Falcons.
Me too! That's my home team.
Julio Jones is a beast and Matt Ryan has gotten so much better.
Yes. Dan Quinn really whipped them into shape.
Who do you think will make it to the Superbowl with them?
Maybe the Denver Broncos. They are also good.
They no longer have Peyton Manning so they may not be as great this year.
True. I can't wait until the September 17th game where the Falcons play against the Greenbay Packers.
Why is that?
The Greenbay Packers is my best friend's team. I want the Falcons to crush them!
The Falcons did beat them last year so I am sure they will beat them again this year.
Which game are you most excited to see this season?
The December 7th game when the Atlanta Falcons go against the New Orleans Saints.
Oh yea! That's going to be a good game since they are divisional rivals!
We are having a football party that day at my place to watch the game. Would you like to come?
Sure! What time should I be there?
Come around 6pm so we can pregame before the real game!
hey, football season's about to start
yeah, i'm really looking forward to this season
my kansas city chiefs are going to beat your raiders for sure
are you kidding me?! our quarterback, derek carr isn't going to let that happen
i still can't believe his the brother of david carr.
yeah, me too, david was never as good as derek
wasn't david chosen number 1 in the draft a long time ago?
yeah, it was back in 2002.
who selected him again?
the houston texans, the where a new team in the nfl, they messed up big time
i know, he had a lot of potential too. i was routing for david
well, i'm just happy that his brother is a much better quarterback, that sounds harsh but its true
either way, you cant beat my chiefs and then they will win the super bowl!
in your dreams, the chiefs always lose in the playoffs. they cant ever get passed the first week of the playoffs.
yeah its sad i know, but this time's is going to be different just you watch
you always say that and they always lose at the end
i can say the same for your raiders
no way, we are the oakland raiders!
aren't they moving to las vegas?
don't remind me.
Hey did you know football season is coming up?
Yeah, I can't wait for it!
Who is your favorite NFL team?
I like the Atlanta Falcons, they are a good team!
I also like the Atlanta Falcons but my favorite team is Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
I like the bucs a lot as well. I think John Gruden was their best coach.
I agree. He was the best by far.
What do you think of the Patriots?
I'm sick of seeing the always win. I want my team to get to the super bowl.
Yeah but maybe the reason they always win is because they are very good.
That could be why, but Id still like my team to have a chance at winning a superbowl.
Yes I agree. I too would like an under dog team to win it this year.
I hope that this season is full of twists and turns and exciting plays.
Oh im sure it will be exciting.
Yes but, I mean REALLY exciting. Like record breakers.
Oh I see what you mean. Yes that would be cool.
Do you know the farthest fieldgoal in the NFL history?
No, I do not.
Well I sure hope my team does good this season.
I hope both our teams do well!
What's a blackout?
Excuse me?
Your NFL team is still he Panther's right?
Yes they sure are.
Well sometimes they say they are having a blackout.
Oh, my bad.
Oh now you know what I mean.
Yes it's when they wear the black Jerseys to away games.
Ah, it make since now.
We look really good when we have a black out.
So what's that dab thing ya'll got going around.
Oh you know the dance.
Everybody I see is doing that crazy move.
That's how we dab on them.
It's becoming popular all over.
Yes I love seeing the little kids do it on Facebook.
The Panthers really know how to put on a show.
We in the Carolina's baby. That's our southern charm.
I know that's right.
Win or lose I'm a Panther's fan til I die!
Have you been watching football laterly?
A lttle bit, I usually only wait till the Super bowl to have  a football day watching. What about you?
I watch the game regularly.
Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, the one I usually bet on to win, I do some betting with the teams. What about you?
No, I don't bet on the games.  Who is your favorite player?
The manning brothers, what about you?
Brady.  So what do you like about football?
the game, the scoring, the excitement.  What about you?
the game, I like watching how players put a lot on the line, plus some of the long distance pass and catches highlight are impressive.
I like the passing and running game.
Me too, but there is more uncertainty on the passing where the ball is in the air which is exciting.
What do you dislike about the game?
the injury, collision. What about you?
the long breaks in between.
what else?
the cheer leaders
Ohh, I like the cheer leaders too.
Do you think the players are overpaid?
yes.
So, who do you think will meet in the Super Bowl this year?
I think this is the Raider's year to finally breakthrough.
I just don't see how to Patriots lose in the playoffs as long as Brady is their quarterback.
I agree he is a special player, but the Raiders are just too young and talented. This is their year to breakthrough.
In terms of the NFC, I think the Cowboys are a team that can make a deep playoff run.
I like watching the Cowboys play, but they are just a little young for me to get behind.
I agree, their prime may be a few years out.
I think the Packers will end up winning the NFC.
That is not a bad choice.
Aaron Rodgers is my primary motivation for that pick.
So then, who wins a Packers/Raiders Super Bowl?
If I had to put money on it, I would say the Packers.
I agree with you. Aaron Rodgers is too talented to lose on that stage.
He also has experience that a lot of Raiders don't have.
Yeah, you're right. That is crucial in games like the Super Bowl.
Now that the Super Bowl is settled, what teams do you think will take a big step forward?
I think the Panthers will rebound from last year and have a great year.
They definitely have all the tools and pieces needed to rebound.
I am looking forward to this year to see who all can challenge the Raiders and the Packers.
So am I. This should be an exciting year to be an NFL fan.
This might be the final season we see Larry Fitzgerald and Carson Palmer play together for the Arizona Cardinals.
I hope Carson can last and make it through this season injury free. I know Larry is an ironman.
Do you think they'll retire after the season is over or sign with another team?
I hope they retire with the Arizona Cardinals. I'm oldschool in my thinking of wanting my favorite franchise players to retire with the team that they spent their career with.
It would be fantastic to see Larry retire as a Cardinal. I couldn't imagine him in another team's uniform.
Larry Fitzgerald is the best wide receiver in the Cardinals franchise history.
I can't debate that.
I can see them going out big this season. If healthy, they should be able to take the NFC West.
You don't think the Seahawks will give them a run?
Oh I definitely think the Seahawks will be a big challenge.
I just want to see the Cardinals fully healthy this season.
They had one of the best defenses in the league before injuries took their toll on the team.
Mathieu is going to be back stronger and better than ever. I can't wait to see him knock wide receivers and running backs down across the field.
That defense was so intimidating a few seasons ago.
We'll see it again. This is the year the Cardinals make it back to the Superbowl!
Wouldn't that be great to see.
It would be fantastic. Larry Fitzgerald would go out on top finally winning a Superbowl!
They were so close in one of the best Superbowls I can remember back in Superbowl 43.
That 2008 season was such a memorable season. To come up 27-23, was so heart breaking.
I still have nightmares of that Superbowl loss. This season we make up for it though!
Are you coming over Wednesday?
Why?
NFL Supplemental Draft!
Like anything is going to happen. There were a total of ZERO Picks last year.
Maybe, but I love the hype.
Bingham's a decent DL, but I wouldn't give up one of next year's picks for him.
What about Marques Rogers? He was a serious threat RB.
Exactly - WAS. He was ineligible in 2016. Taking a whole year off makes that just too risky.
So what do you think the Titans did by taking Adoree Jackson with the 18th Pick?
Point taken.
Seriously, a 5' 10" CB?
I know, but he plays offense too. Not a bad Pick in my mind. Besides, I'd rather take someone steady like that than a Wild Card.
Who?
Conley. I wouldn't take someone with his criminal past unless I had to.
Yes, Off-Field drama can detract from a player's value, but the Raiders really need someone like Gareon.
They would've done just as well with Jabrill Peppers.
No, he's too slow. He's got good size, but isn't quick enough.
He ran the 40 in 4.46!
The speed that counts is during a play - He doesn't react.
Well now it sounds like you
So, who is the greatest quarterback of all time?
I know you want me to say Joe Montana.
Why is that?
Because you know I'm a 49er fan, and you want to disprove his greatness.
I'm not that mean, but he was rather slow with an average arm--what's so great about that?
Four Super Bowl Wins, no losses, MVP three times.
Well, mediocre quarterbacks have won the Super Bowl and the winning quarterback is usually the MVP.
Montana could read the defense, throw with deadly accuracy to an open receiver, and lead that receiver into long gains after the catch.
O.K. the guy was pretty good.  Would you consider anyone else?
Well, Dan Marino probably was the best passer.
Yeah, for an immobile guy to just stand there and throw for that many yard is pretty impressive.  How about Joe Namath?
Are you trying to sucker me?  Joe Namath's win in Super Bowl III changed the history of professional football, but he only threw for about 200 yards in that game.
Well, the game was different then--not the big passing yardage, but Namath good, but not the greatest.
I guess I have to consider Tom Brady.
You think.  Seven Super Bowl appearances.
I thought the Super Bowl was not a necessary criterion.
O.K, but seven?
He lost two.
I guess you're never going to back down from Joe Montana.
Well, there's Steve Young.
Wiil Marvin Lewis coach the Bengals next year?
Yup...as long as he has a contract
What do you mean?
Mike Brow does not like to get rid of coaches while on contract
I see...but they have not won a playof game since the 90s,right?
Doesn't matter. Mike Brown does not pay coaches not to coach.
So you guys are stuck with him then
Yes,..sigh
So who should they hire?
Urban Meyer
Nope. Not leaving Ohio State.
True. One can dream though
There has got to be a up and coming coordinator out there some where
Well when you find him, let me know
So how many games do you think the Bungles will when?
Five, and that is being hopeful
Two of them will be against Cleveland...
LOL....yup
God Bless the Cincinnati Bengals
Don't think God can help them
I just saw Superbowl XIII.
Who played in that one?
Pittsburgh versus Dallas.
Who were the quarterbacks?
Terry Bradshaw for Pittsburgh and Roger Staubach for Dallas.
What was the point spread?
Pittsburgh was minus four.
Who scored first?
Pittsburgh, but Dallas answered with a touchdown.  7-7 at the end of the first quarter.
What was the halftime score?
Pittsburgh scored 14 points and Dallas  scored a touchdown to make it 21-14.
Who was in the halftime show?
A bunch of Caribbean bands.
What happened in the third quarter?
The only scoring was a Dallas field goal.
What the fourth?
Pittsburgh scored 14 straight points, but Dallas matched it.  Pittsburgh won by 3 points.
Exciting.  Who was the MVP?
Terry Bradshaw.
I like close SB games.
Hey, have you heard the latest regarding the Raider Fan fiasco?
Well, not really, what's going on with the Raider Fans
Apparently they're making the final touches for the new stadium, as you know?
Yeah. that I do know.
The new stadium faisco surrounds the horrifying fact that the new stadium will not be able to house all the fans.
That is quite a delemmna
Yeah, I know, to circumvent the problem the want to Shuttle Bus, in the fans, along with regarding others fan to park 3 miles from the stadium.
Wow, what were they thinking when they came up with that plan.
I'm not exactly sure, but I hope that it will not discourage people from attending the games.
Exactly! Which is why it should have been considered long before the last finishing touches to the new stadium.
I totally agree. The idea is to sell more tickets, and get more fans involved, not to discourage them in any way, from attending games.
Right. Nor would the want to be unnecessarily inconvenienced, due to the parking fiasco.
However, maybe somehow it's an upside to all of this.
I'd certainly hope so!
For one, I could think of is less of a frantic rush, when games are over, to make it to the parking lot first.
Right, like a mini stampeded of people trying to be the first out of the parking lot.
Right. It would eliminate and deter that aspect totally.
Resulting in less stampedes to get to their parked cars, and a lot less manic.
Precisely, they'll be a lot more activity surrounding who can make it to the Shuttle buses fast enough instead.
I get that. And a wish to not be on the very last bus that Shuttles them out of the ball park.
Who are the greatest tight ends in the NFL?
Well Gronkowski has a shot, but he's always injured.
Yes, his problem is health.
I think he will stay healthy this year.
Why do you think that?
I believe the Patriots will use him more sparingly.
That might be true - they should save him for the playoffs.
I agree - I think he will have another dominant year, though.
What do you think of Aaron Hernandez?
His story is a damn shame.
He could have been one of the greats.
He had everything going for him, and was even on The Patriots.
He had such potential, and already had a great season under his belt.
He would have been dominant with Brady.
Yes, this is true. Do you like Tony Gonzalez?
He might be the greatest receiving tight end ever.
I think so too - he has so much yardage!
I think he may have the most yardage of any tight end ever.
I think this is true, he will be missed.
I surely miss him - such a great player.
So time is getting close....... bout a month away till Pre-Season
Yes, i was just thinking that.
So for the opening, who's house do you want to watch it at?
Well since it IS Tampa VS Miami, it should be my house.
I had a feeling you'd say that.
Well, Pappy is stupid for Miami so he wont leave the house on opening day.
True. We arent gonna do steaks are we?
Probably not, it's a 1 o'clock game.
That's right, i forgot.
Tam will probably make Nachos, and we'll get chips and snacks.
Will there be any 4;15 games this year?
Well, on October 1st theres one.
Very cool.
Then 4 days later they play the Patriots for a night game. Prolly too late for steaks.
Ugh.
On the 15th they play Arizona at 4:15, that woud be a good game for steaks.
Right on! i'll even host that one!
Thry only play the Falcons at 8:15 like 2 months later, all other games are at 1PM
Well, at least there will be a couple of games we can grill out.
We can always do hot dogs and burgers for a game too ya know.
When will the Dallas Cowboys get better?
I miss Troy Aikman.
Dave Compo was coach in 2002.
I liked when Tony Banks was quarterback.
Roy Williams was good in 2002.
Remember Walter Payton?
Then Bill Parcells was coach.
Who was quarter back in 2005?
I think it was Drew Bledsoe.
Remember Terrell Owens?
He got happy when he got a touch down.
In 2009 their practice field cover collapsed during a wind storm.
12 players were injured.
And some coaches also.
2010 Jason Garrett was interim head coach.
They have a blue star as the logo.
It represents THE LONE STAR STATE.
That would be Texas.
It is the best known logo.
Because they are the best.
There are a lot of great young running backs in the league.
Yeah, the position is kind of in vogue again.
Used to be a team was scared to draft a running back high.
They had a lot of busts at the position in the last 20 years or so.
Right, and a lot of money tied up in those busts.
True, but that was back when a top five pick made more than anyone on the team.
Yeah, the new salary cap rules are much better.
If you could take one running back right now to start a team, who's your workhorse?
Ezekiel Elliott, end of story.
Well, I was going to say the same thing.
Young, tons of mileage on the tires, no holes to his game.
He's probably making teams rethink their decision to draft guys in later rounds.
Yeah, his line helps, but he's got everything in place to be a MVP candidate.
How do you like Le'Veon Bell's chances?
Also tons of talent, most patient runner in the NFL.
But how does that translate to wins?
See, his line, while pretty good, just isn't the same as EE's.
I do think he's a step quicker and faster than Ezekiel.
Possibly, but he's not somebody who can grind you down.
Yeah, a real weapon in the passing game though.
Are you ready for some football this year?
Hell yea! I can't wait Falcons all the way this year baby.
You really think they will make the Super Bowl again?
I do Matt Ryan was on fire last year no one will stop him.
I don't know Tom Brady and the Patriots I think might repeat.
No way man Brady is getting old and Matt Ryan is still young and has alot of years in front of him.
The Seahawks and Packers are tough too. I like Aaron Rodgers.
Rodgers isn't too bad. Cam Newton is good but he needs more weapons. Panthers has a chance.
Panthers I agree unless the Saints come around. Drew Brees hasn't been himself lately.
Drew Brees needs to retire. The problem with quaterbacks is they don't know when to call it quits.
You mean like Brett Favre. He kept playing and playing.
Exactly he never knew when to quit. Speaking of the Falcons did you hear they are retiring Michael Vick?
I did regardless of his criminal record he was still a hell of an athelete. I still think he would have made a better running back.
Yes I agree once he starts running no one could stop him.
You know it could be the Patriots and the Falcons again in the Super Bowl this year. Imagine that.
Never happened before in the history of the NFL I don't think two teams repeating. One team yes but not two teams.
With the Falcons getting the new stadium this year that would be great too.
We will see what happens if Oakland's quarterback doesn't get hurt at the end of the season they might go further this year.
Yes that was horrible for them. That rookie was amazing too.
This season will be great to see what these second year quarterbacks can do.
Did the NFL have a division in Europe?
Yes, it had a league in Europe from 1991 to 2007.
What was the name of this league?
They kept changing it!
What were the names they used?
They called it the World League of American Football, the World League, NFL Europe League, NFL Europe and NFL Europa.
Wow, that's a lot of different names!
I told you!
Did any famous players play there?
Sure, there were some guys who played there and in the NFL.
Like who?
John Kitna, the former NFL quarterback.
Yes, I remember him. He played for the Bengals for awhile.
Yes, and he also played for the Barcelona Dragons.
Who else?
David Akers, the former kicker for the Eagles.
Where did he play?
He played for the Berlin Thunder.
Any Steelers?
Sure, James Harrison played for the Rhein Fire. They were based in Dusseldorf, Germany.
Have you  been paying attention to the news coming from the all team practices?
Not as much as most people, but I have a pretty good idea about most of the teams.
What do you think about the news about the Bronco's?
I think they had that one run two seasons ago, and now they have to slow down to train up all the new guys they have.
Yeah, that's true. I like what I'm hearing about the Bucaneers so far.
Yeah, it seems like Winston has really stepped up during this offseason.
Do you think they can take the NFC South?
I don't know. If Carolina comes out like they are capable of then there won't be much contest.
What do you mean? The Saints are still in that division.
When was the last time they had a chance though?
That's true. And you know last season was a total fluke for Atlanta.
Oh yeah, they won't be back in the post season for a few years.
Matt Ryan just doesn't have it in him. They got lucky that the rest of the division was sort of crappy.
It's funny that we get that, but actual Falcon fans would beg to differ.
Yeah, but when was the last time you listened to someone from Georgia anyway?
I'd have to say never.
Agreed. And of course you can't talk about a football season without bringing up New England.
Oh please, we were well on our way before you said that.
It's totally possible that they come out and win, even if that's not what you want to watch all season.
It's never what I want to watch, but sometimes you just have to accept the inevitable.
Hey, did you hear any more about Mariota?
What about?
You know, his injury. He broke his leg or something, remember?
Oh, yeah, I'm sure he'll be good by the season start though. He's young and all.
Yeah, not like Brady or something. he's getting old.
Speaking of getting old, you think Palmer is gonna play another season?
As far as I know...and Fitz too.
Maybe their last. I'd like to see them get the Superbowl rings though.
You mean Arizona?
Yup, I think the Cardinals deserve a big win.
I kind of like them, too. Tired of seeing the same teams over and over...
I hear you! No more Patriots or Steelers!
Ugh, can't stand either one of them!
I also kind of want to see the Vikings win...
No way! I'm a bit of a cheesehead so I can't root for the Vikings!
Oh, no! No cheesehead!!
What you don't like Arron Roger's and his hail mary's?
Well he is impressive at that for sure. But no, I don't care for the packers!
Well, then just settle for no Patriots and Steelers.
Sounds good...and Go Cards!!
Wow the NFL preseason is only about a month away. Time flew this offseason.
Yuck, it will be the same old teams winning, all the ones I hate again.
Come on now, your Vikings showed some potential last year, at least early on.
Yeah, but they ended up jinxed as usual. Nothing changes.
Well who do you see winning the divisions this year?
I'd say Patriots, Steelers, Texans, Raiders, Cowboys, Packers, Buccaneers and Cardinals
Whoa...Buccaneers?
Yeah, I think the Falcons will go in a tailspin after their massive choke job. Still mad about that by the way.
Yeah, why do other teams always choke and do the stupidest things against the organization that is always up to something suspicious. Weird.
Buccaneers were pretty good at the end of last year. Winston was coming into his own.
You think Seahawks won't win NFC West?
That was a toss-up..I thought the Cardinals caught too much bad luck last year.
Yeah, it's bound to reverse itself, but I don't trust Palmer anymore.
My one buddy from San Diego is convinced the Chargers will do well now that they've left, just to spite him.
They'll lose 60 percent of their starters to injury like usual, but still average 30 points a game...
And go 5-11 with eight losses in the final minute.
I'm going Cowboys over Raiders for the Super Bowl.
That would be a popular game to watch no doubt. I think both those teams are going to step back though.
Well who do you see winning the Super Bowl?
Gonna go Patriots over Packers.
I can't wait for NFL games again.
Me too! Pre-season starts next month.
The Bucs should have a good year.
I don't know about that. Doug Martin's suspension could hurt them.
They are stacked with Running Backs and Martin will be back once the suspension is over.
That is true.
Charles Sims is back from his injury to lead the Backs.
Who do you think will start?
Jaquizz Rodgers showed promise last season but I think Sims will get the nod.
The Bucs were hammered with injuries last year.
They will have a good group of receivers this season.
Did they draft any receivers?
They drafted OJ Howard from Alabama.
That is a good pick.
Combine him with Mike Evans and Winston has two great targets.
They still have Vincent Jackson too.
He is getting older and playing less but Adam Humphries doubles as a receiver and tight end.
If they can get past the Atlanta Falcons they might own their division.
That's the plan. I can't wait to watch all the games.
I might go to a couple in person.
With the 2017 NFL season starting what do you think of the Jets prospects?
Well, first of all I am still mad they are the New York Jets but play in New Jersey.
Where do the New York Jets play?
They play in MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford New Jersey.
Why dont they build and play in a stadium in New York ?
There really is no place near New York City that would be a good location.  The NY Yankees and Mets already have two large stadiums in the Bronx and Queens.
Are they the only team playing in MetLife Stadium?
No, in fact they share that stadium with the New York Giants
How is it possible for two NFL teams to share the same stadium ?
Each NFL team only has a certain number of home games. The Jets and Giants coordinate the schedules to avoid a home game conflict.
Ok,  thinking long term when is the super bowl 52  going to be for 2018
Super Bowl 52 is scheduled to be played Sunday, Feb. 4 2018
Where will Superbowl 52 be played?
It will be played in  Minneapolis  at the U.S. Bank Stadium.
What happens if it is bad weather in Minneapolis in February 2018.  Can it get cancelled?
No, the  US Bank Stadium has a dome in case of bad weather.
Is the US Bank Stadium a new NFL team stadium?
Yes, US Bank Stadium is new and was just finished in 2016.
What NFL team plays in the US Bank Stadium?
The Minneapolis Vikings play in the US Bank Stadium.
The Raiders seem like the team to beat.
I was surprised when they added Lynch.
Carr could be the best QB in the league very soon.
Yeah, he's already the highest paid.
I think it's a bad idea for them to move to Las Vegas.
Agreed, they've got a lot of momentum and now this is a distraction.
Do you think they can get past the Patriots?
Yes, Brady is getting old and they are due for an off season.
Not sure if the Raiders defense will be good enough.
Mack is a great young player, but their secondary had issues last year.
They're a
So man, you hear they are talking of doing guaranteed contracts in the NFL?
I don't see that ever working out, it doesn't make sense.
Well, I mean I'm sure it would lead to shorter contracts, like two or three years each.
Right now it's only the first 20 or so player that get their full contract pay guaranteed at the draft, right?
Yeah, then the others have to negotiate how much of their contract is or not, like how many years.
Yeah but if everyone had shorter contracts, plus guaranteed pay, people would be moving around all the time. Teams would change a lot.
But maybe not, this would make the teams give better deals, and treat the whole team better, and as more of a whole, I think.
I don't know, maybe it's better for the players, but not the teams or the fans. Just when you like a team, the whole thing will change.
We already deal with a lot of change in the teams, fans are loyal to their team, not their player.
Not all the time, a lot of fans stick to one player, and if they are routing for a new team every few years, may take some of the fun out of it for them.
I see what you are saying, and maybe it would be out of wack for a few years, but it would work out and balance in the end.
I still don't agree, but what are the chances this is even going to happen?
I don't know, it would probably have to take one team doing it, then all players wanting to go to them, for others to follow suit.
So no one has done it yet?
Not really, but Dolphins defensive Suh does have a fully guaranteed 3 year plus rolling guarantees for 18-20 so it's close.
But still, the "rolling" part gives the team a little control there, I don't see them giving that control up.
You might be right, but I'd still like to see it happen. The players make the game and this is the best deal for them.
Maybe, but if it makes fans back away, it hurts everyone so I don't know man.
Well, the next few seasons should be interesting, I bet at least things change a bit.
They change a bit every year.
I'm starting my fantasy football team soon.
It's not bad enough that you watch it incessantly you also spend every second of free time with that fantasy stuff.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing, I guess. But did you ever notice most football fans look as if they've never done anything physical in their lives other than life a beer glass?
Are you commenting on my physique?
If the shoe fits ... or should I say 'if the pants are tight ...'
Once again, you're mean.
I was just teasing. Lord knows I'm the last person to talk. I just dislike sports.
You don't like them at all?
I'm a fair weather fan. I only have an interest if they are in the play offs.
That is fair weather.
Well, Minnesota fans kind of suck anyway so I fit right in.
Why do you say that?
I recall on Fran Tarkenton's very last game, after years of performing for these people, he made a bad play and these 'fans' booed him off the field.
That's cold blooded.
Sure is. Even as a sports hating little kid I knew they were in the wrong.
Don't you think they've gotten better?
Nope.
You're so cynical.
I'm a realist.
Any thoughts on the upcoming NFL season?
Yes,it's going to be fun.
Right,if you're a New England fan.
I know what you mean there.
They should be right at the top again.
They are every year.
It doesn't seem to matter who they get or who they lose.
It's a great organization with a great coach.
And a great quarterback.
That's for sure.
Do you think Tom Brady will ever slow down?
He's showing no signs of it.
He says he wants to play ten more years.
Won't he be around fifty?
He will be fifty I believe.
If anyone can he can.
I suppose your right.
It's possible Denver or the chiefs can make a run at them.
If things break right,yes.
I know New England will certainly be in the hunt again.
After watching last year's Super Bowl, it got me thinking. What is the biggest choke job in NFL history?
There were plenty of them. I do think that the Super Bowl last year was definitely the biggest choke job ever.
I would agree even though it's the most recent in memory.
For sure. How are you up 28-3 in the 3rd quarter and lose?
Not very easily. The odds of that happening were so astronomical that it's insane that it did happen.
The Patriots had to play perfect ball in the last quarter and a half and they did. Atlanta certainly helped them out a lot.
Atlanta's defense was so tired by the fourth quarter that you could just see it coming.
Surprising they were that exhausted with all of the training players do these days.
Doesn't help that New England continually runs the hurry up offense.
It certainly doesn't. Still can't believe the Falcons blew that game.
Me either. What other choke jobs come to mind?
Certainly the Bills coming back from 35-3 down in the 3rd quarter in 1993.
That is the ultimate deficit overcome and probably the biggest choke job until last year's Super Bowl, considering the stage.
Certainly. There were other large deficits overcome. I could think of the 49ers and Giants playoff game in 2002.
The Jeff Garcia comeback. I remember that game.
Remember when the field goal was botched and they pulled that guy down and nothing was called.
That was the holder that got pulled down, right?
I'm not sure. Either the holder or an offensive lineman.
That should have been pass interference, right?
I believe so. Who knows what the exact rule is when the offensive lineman is an eligible or ineligible receiver. I would think it should have been.
So how stoked are you about the NFL fotbll this season?
Oh I am so ready!!!
Me too, I wish the season was longer!
Yeah now that would be great!
I am really looking forward to seeing what the 49er's are going to do this year.
You and your 49er's, come on Joe Montana has been gone for many years.
So you don't give up on your team just because the best quarterback ever retired!
Oh OK best ever right, WRONG!
Oh I forgot you are a Brady fan.
Look all the great players San Fransisco had are gone. Rice, Montana retired.
So what they still have a lot of great players and I know this is going to be their year.
Especially since they are getting a new starting QB
New talent is always a plus, it is about who plays well and who has the desire to win.
Your right, and with that I can say MY team is going all the way and you will be crying again.
Yeah Yeah I hear you trash talking, but the season hasn't started yet and you will see.
Ya I will see you crying when they do not make the play-offs.
Well we will see the Patriots do have a good team, but I think you are going to be surprised by a few teams, not just my guys.
You say that every year and every year my guys are Superbowl bound.
Well we will see, first game is at your house this year.
I know and I can't wait ti you see the new "sports room" with a new HUGE TV so we can see every play up close!
Is the NFL going to have a game or two in England again this year?
I don't know, but I wish they'd stop that.
Why?
It robs one group of fans a home game every year. Some people save up for these games and have less chances to see it.
But it exposes the NFL to other countries.
That's all well and good, but save it for pre-season scrimmages.
That's a great idea!
I know, I should be the commissioner.
You'd have my vote.
Why should a game that counts towards the season be played in another country with a different time zone?
Oh yeah, the time zone.
They're basically playing at 8am, which is ridiculous for eastern teams, but 5am for those on the west coast!
That always bothered me about sports in general: late games for east teams on the west coast, and vice versa.
As commissioner I'd get rid of that.
So, is that your only solution for NFL in Europe?
Yeah, but I love the whole exhibition thing. Maybe take the top CFL team and have them play a team from the NFL.
That'd be a disaster for the CFL.
Not really. They'd get paid a lot, probably, that should help.
They'd lose.
Well...not against the Lions. Ha!
Want to go a game this year?
What kind of game?
You know exactly what I'm talking about, what game's would I go to besides an NFL game.
I guess you're right.
So do you?
Yeah man, what game are you thinking?
Well, the Jets and Dolphins are playing on September 24th.
In Miami?
Nah, Jets are home, so you'll be a little out of your element.
Haha, I'll be the only Dolphins fan there.
Nah, I'll bring Jess, she's a Dolphins fan too.
Alright awesome, we're going to kill the Jets.
Doubt it, we're looking pretty good this year.
You say that every year, what's different this time.
Enunwa is looking great this year.
And?
Well between him, Forte, and Mccowen, we've got a shot at being decent.
I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
I'll bet you $200 we win.
I'll take that bet.
Tell me what your thoughts are about the new NFL Season.
I am really excited for the regular season to get underway.
I know what you mean - it is almost painful waiting on the regular season during the summer
Exactly - the pre-season and summer camps are usually disappointing, it has no resemblance to the regular season.
If anything it always seems like the pre-season and regular season are exact opposites.
Right - what I hate is when someone from my favorite team gets injured during pre-season.
Yes! that has happened before to my teams.  Who is your favorite team.
I have a couple I watch faithfully. But living in the Washington DC area. I am a Redskins fan.
Wow lots new there this year. What do you think about the Doug Williams hire?
I like all other fans of the Redskins - love him. But I think he is in a no-win job.
Yeah if I guy like Joe Gibbs came back and couldn't fix things or get them better - not sure anyone can.
The best news we would ever get as fans is if Dan Snyder sells the team.
Thats never going to happen though.
Well one can hope - maybe he will get an offer he can't refuse one day.
Do you have any opinions on the Redkins name controversy?
Yes - I totally see both sides of it - but again it's a Dan Snyder thing I think.
Yeah - what would you like to see happen if it was your choice.
If it were up to me - I look at it and say if it is offensive - who am I to keep something so major that it offends so many people.
I feel the same... it's not like it is a cool name or the best franchise name ever.
And the fact it is our Capital city is bad too... it should be something government or US related I think.
Because, what do the running backs do?
Um, they rush.
Yes, do you need a lot of intelligence to hold on to the ball tight and run?
That's not what running backs do.
That's exactly what running backs do
No it's not. Running back to have to assess spatial relations between themselves and the defensive line, and the safeties too, That takes a lot of thinking
Ok, then how was Frank Gore such a great rusher?
For crying outloud. Maybe he blew off the test too. Besides, RBs score about 16. We're not talking about a 4 here.
Oh wait, so 10 is being barely literate.
20 is average, so 16 is... below... average.
Hahaha. I was right. This test sucks.
No it doesn't. Anything that provides a quatifiable information doesn't suck
Quantify this
That's just so mature. Seriously. By taking the assessing the mental dimensions, you can improve the game a lot.
Yes I get that. But why publish all this though?
Why publish their combine data? It's just all data.
But it's embarassing.
There is nothing embarassing about your Wonderlic score if you're in the NFL making millions.
Huh. Yeah, give me 40 million and a brain that's only capable of scoring a 10.
Yeah, no, you wouldn't be happy with that.
Lets talk about football
I love that topic
Great me too
Did you see beyonce in the halftime show?
She was great
She was
And beautiful too
Exactly
She made waiting between the halves enjoyable
Exactly
I love when the nfl has a good halftime show
Me too
It makes everything better
It really does
It was a good game
So suspenseful too
It was
Superbowls are great
I look forward to them every year
Me too
Have you seen the new Carolina Panthers workout video?
The one with all of the new rookies?
Yeah. It got me pumped for the season.
Me too, I can't wait to see how everybody is going to play.
Same here. Who do you think is going to be good?
I think Christian McCaffrey is already good and is promising.
Yeah, he is quick. He will be good as long as he can stay healthy.
Yes. Talking about health, did you watch the documentary on Calvin Johnson?
No. What was it about?
He was talking about his football career and how he had issues staying healthy.
What did he say about it?
He was explaining that he was on painkillers for a long time and that he was having issues waking up.
Wow. That is kind of the nature of the game.
It is sad to see that occur to people who love the game so much.
Exactly. Do you think Marshawn Lynch will stay healthy?
I believe that he will. He is a strong guy.
He has been training pretty hard in the off-season to get ready for next year.
Yeah. I wonder if he still eats Skittles.
He probably does. Did he ever get an endorsement or contract with them?
I'm really not sure. If not, I sure do hope he does this time.
aside from Tom Brady, who do you think the best quarterbacks were in the 2016 season
I think you definitely need to include Aaron Rodgers on the list
I would agree with that. he had like 40 touchdowns in 2016
Matt Ryan obviously deserves to be on the list, even though he lost the big game
yes, he put some monster numbers. he averaged something like 309 yard per game
that is insane. most quarterbacks would kill for those numbers
who else do you think should make the best of 2016 list
this might be controversial, but Dallas Cowboys Dak Prescott had an excellent rookie year
lets see if he can repeat that performance now that there is some game tape of him
he had about 23 touchdowns and only 4 interceptions. he does a really good job of protecting the football, and found ways to help the cowboys win games
plus he is a rushing threat. he racked up close to 230 yards per game
another quarterback to watch based on his 2016 performance is Derek Carr
he made the Raiders look really good last year. Their offense was pretty high power all things considered
he completion rate was pretty solid at 64%, and his 28 TDs were pretty impressive
If the Raiders get a few more offensive weapons next year they could be really dangerous
back to QBs... another one that makes the 2016 list is Drew Brees
Oh for sure. he really spread around the football among his receiving core. it feels like he was always finding different targets in the endzone
ha. so true. he would throw 5 touchdowns in a game, to 5 different receivers
an honorable mention should probably go to Ben Roethlisberger as well. he put up 29 TDs and about 272 yards per game
Go Big Ben!!!
So I heard that you're a bit of a trivia buff.
I am!
What's your best subject?
I'm pretty good at knowing things about the NFL.
That's cool. What's your favorite fact?
Well, the Green Bay Packers won the first ever Super Bowl.
Oh, wow, I didn't know that! What year was that in?
It was in 1967.
Hey, my mom was born that year.
Cool.
Do you have a second favorite fact?
How about this; in '96, the Cleveland Browns moved to Baltimore to become the Baltimore Ravens.
That's pretty interesting. I actually know a similar fact.
What's that?
In '84 the Baltimore Colts moved to Indianapolis and became the Indianapolis Colts.
Yup!
Well, I think it's neat that you know so much about NFL stuff.
I don't know that much, just random facts, really.
It's still pretty neat.
Thanks!
Want to talk about football?
Sure i love it
Me too
Do you like the superbowl?
I love it
I like the game but i love the commercials
The commercials are great
They are so funny
Exactly
They are the best part of the superbowl
Exactly
But the game is great too
I love watching the game
The superbowl is just exciting on all levels
It really is
So much entertainment
Exactly
Even the halftime show is pretty great
Yes it is
Love it
Did you ever go to an NFL gsme?
Yup.
Where?
Orchard Park.  Bills stadium.
What was that like?
Not as good as you might think.
Well, I was only about 12 yers old, and I was a Colts fan at the time.
Colts fan? So you went to Bills stadium as a Colts fan?
You got it!  My Dad took me to the game.
Why were you a Colts fan?  Didn't you live in Bills country?
I sure did, but I was just a child.  I picked the Colts as my team because I liked the horseshoe emblem.
That was it?
That was it.  I knew nothing about the Colts or the Bills.
What happened at the game?
Upstate New York in winter.  My Dad and I sat in freezing rain for three hours, watching two teams I knew nothing about, wearing a Colts poncho, while sitting in a sea of Bills ponchos.
Who won?
I don't remember. I just know who lost.
Who?
My father. You see, he endured the rain, and the sleet, and the jeering fans, and the nosebleed seats, and the high prices, and the frustrating parking, and the miserable game, only to hear his 12-year-old boy--15-minutes intot he game-- say, "Dad, when can we leave?"
Did your Dad ever speak to you again?
Are you ready for football?
Yes!
It is my favorite season of the year.
Mine too.
It seems like it takes forever.
I really want to go to an NFL game.
Me too.
We should see if they have any tickets.
We probably have to go to the NFL site and order them.
I want to see all the new players the COlts have.
I want to see them all.
TY Hilton is my favorite.
He is good.
He has broken many records.
I want to get his autograph.
I wish I could see Peyton Manning.
Maybe one day you will.
I hope so.
His brother still plays.
Yes for the Giants.
Do you want to join my fantasy football league?
Of course. I'm excited about the new season. Can't wait
Ok, I'll send you the details via email. I can't wait for the season to start either.
I'll be going to training camp to watch Tom Brady practice with Brandin Cooks
That team is off the charts this year.
I know. I'm really excited. I might draft Brady in Round 1
Haha. You are such a homer.
You'll regret saying that when he puts up 50 points every week.
Yea, we'll see about that.
Brady is going to be legit.
You really think so at his age?
Dude, he didn't show any signs of slippage last year. He's playing like he's 30
I think Rodgers is the better bet at QB. He always is for fantasy purposes
Maybe. He does have Martellus Bennett this year. Would be a great superbowl matchup with the Patriots
Is that your prediction for this year's superbowl? Pack vs. Patriots?
Ummm, yea I think so. Falcons will have Superbowl loss hangover.
I agree with you. AFC has no contenders to match the Patriots. They just got better and unless injuries hit, they should be good to go.
Yep. If Gronk is healthy in the playoffs, game over for everyone else.
It would be a good game. Rodgers vs. Brady
I can't even imagine what people would say if Brady beat Rodgers. There would have to be no more doubt from anyone whatsoever.
What's your favorite NFL team?
I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
How do you think their new coach will do this year?
I think McDermott will really struggle this year.
Do you think he'll do better than Rex Ryan?
I think he's a better coach, but they still won't win much.
Really? I think that offense can be pretty good.
I just don't have much faith in Tyrod Taylor.
I think Taylor is pretty good. He doesn't turn the ball over.
That's because he doesn't take any risks even if he needs to.
That's true. Atleast you have LeSean Mccoy to watch.
Yeah, Mccoy carries the offensive load. If he gets hurt the season is done.
Injuries always seem to mess up a bunch of teams every year.
Well football is a pretty rough game.
I don't know what teams will do if the NFL adds more games to the season.
They're already allowed very little practice time. The quality of the games would get worse.
The NFL really needs a farm league.
I agree. It would really help the talent level grow.
Young quarterbacks would really benefit.
I don't know how much it would have helped the Bills. They always seem to pick terrible quarterbacks.
Who will have the best defense in the NFL next season?
Well, you have to start with the best defense in the league last year.
Which team is that?
The Houston Texans were the best last year.
Really?    They were better than the Arizona Cardinals?
The Cardinals were close, but ranked second.
I thought J.J. Watt being out would've hurt the Texans more.
I agree, but the rise of Jedaveon Clowney helped out quite a lot.
Right, but the pass rush still wasn't as strong, right?
Well, Clowney and Whitney Mercilus did a good job together.
OK, I can see that    Is Watt healthy?
He has been working in the preseason workouts.
Well, add the best defensive player in the league to the best defense.
Yes, if everyone is healthy, it will be almost impossible to score on the Texans.
Didn't they change up some things on the coaching staff?
Yes.     Romeo Crennel was promoted.
Will that hurt the defense.
Not really, Crennel is still present, and the new coordinator has been with the franchise.
What's the name of the new Defensive Coordinator?
He is Mike Vrabel.
Who is your favorite player on the Carolina Panthers?
Cam Newton is a funny and talented guy.
Yeah he is also really kind to his fans.
I was really rooting for them during their perfect season.
I wish they won Superbowl 50.
At least Peyton Manning ended his career with a highlight.
Yeah some players never win a Superbowl he got to win two.
One with the Colts and one with the Broncos.
Did you know he is the only Quarterback to reach the Superbowl with four different coaches?
That is something he should be proud of.
Yeah it's so hard to get to the Superbowl in the first place.
You have to do so much to get there then it all comes down to one game.
It isn't fair in some ways.
Sometimes you wonder if they should do a best-of-3 or best-of-5 series.
That would be cool if you kept every game single elimination except for the Superbowl.
Think of how different some of the previous Superbowls would have been.
The results may have been completely different.
Honestly maybe changing something that works is a bad idea.
Good point Football is already very popular.
I am so excited for next season!
What did they before the Superbowl?
What do you mean?
Did they have national championship for the NFL?
Well, they didn't really have a national championship, per se. They had the National Football League and the American Football League
They had the championships individually?
Well, it's a little more complicated than that. The merger required some kind of championship.
When was the merger?
Merger was announced back in 1966, then they had their own seasons until 1969, and merged completely in 1970. That was the first superbowl season.
And the reson they merged?
They were competing aginst each other for college players, and the salaries went skyrocketing. They raided other conferences for players too.
Always it comes down to money.
Of course, so once they merged under the same rules, the raids stopped, they still traded players, of course.
I see. So the championbship between the leagues is basically what superbowl is?
Yes
Hm. I loved last years superbowl,. It was the biggest comeback win in history
25 points. That's Brady forya
Which is amazing because he wasn't drafted until round 6, pick 199.
Yeah, pick 199 out of 254 players picked that year. There was a reddit post while back about his resume
Haha, yeah I saw that.
He was an intern at Merryl Lynch. Good thing patriots picked him up,. otherwise, we woulnd't have our second 5 times Superbowl Champion
Hey, how is your team gearing up for the new NFL season?
Well, you know I am a Patriots fan, right?
I do. How do you think they are going to do.
Easy, they are going to repeat! No question in my mind.
Well that is pretty confident when we have a whole season to play.
It is, but I think that will the personnel and coaches we have it should be in the bag.
I don't know that I would be so confident. There are some other teams that look pretty good this year.
There are, but are there any that can match up to the Patriots?
I think that the Cowboys have a good shot this year.
Really? I mean, I know they have potential to be good, but I don't think they will be the best.
I think that they are going to suprise people and be in the hunt at the end of the season.
Why are you so sure of that?
Same reason as you. They have good personnel and coaches.
I guess we will have to see how it shakes out. Dak Prescott is pretty good, I will give you that.
I saw something saying the top three teams likely to play in the Super Bowl are the Patriots, the Packers, and the Cowboys.
I would love to see any of them, as long as the Pats are there.
We will see, I feel like this season will be full of suprises.
I could see that.
I would love to see my Chiefs sneak up on people.
They have a chance. They had a decent year last year.
What's your favorite NFL division?
I am partial to the AFC.
I am too.
It's really just because of the teams that I like.
Same here. Who do you think is going to be the best AFC team next season?
I'm not sure but I hope it's the Titans.
They very well could be. I thought they were the best team in the division last season.
I've felt that they have a really high skill ceiling for a couple years now.
I would agree with that. Their offensive line has been great.
They are great in the quarterback position, too.
Yeah, Marcus Mariota was underrated last year.
They've also had a great drafts both this year and last year.
It does seem like they're shaping up to be a powerhouse team.
They were averaging 30 points a game midseason last year.
Yeah, I remember them being explosive for awhile.
It would be crazy to see what that team could do with a top rated receiver.
Yeah, I feel they still have a couple roles to fill.
You never know, though. Sometimes people you wouldn't expect start performing at huge levels.
True, there have been some very surprising rookies that last few years.
Either way, I'm excited to start watching some AFC division football this season.
Who is the best Manning?
Eli
I think it is Peyton
No way. Eli beat Tom Brady twice
So what?
That means something. Peyton won because of his defense.
That's not true
yes it is
Peyton had better career numbers
But, Eli was more clutch
That is a good point
Remember the Patriots game?
The Super Bowl?
Yes, and they were undefeated
True
Eli beat an undefeated team, in the Super Bowl
Good point
So are you on my side now?
Yes I am
Alright. Eli all the way.
Did you catch the practice footage for the upcoming game?
After watching that, I got back into the NFL again.
What team are you cheering for.
I'm hoping hte Bears can improve.
Me too, but they probably won't do much without Manning.
I absolutely agree. How long is Manning out?
I think he's coming back for the 5th game.
That's an away game.
Yeah, it is. However, Manning doesn't falter at home or away.
Who's starting while Mannings out?
I think they are rotating rookies until his return.
How long as their current coach been in Chicago.
He started in 2011.
I think he's doing alright, but the Bears are quick to get rid of coaches.
All of the NFL is quick to get rid of coaches.
Yeah, that's true. However, five years is a record for a Bears coach.
They aren't as bad as the Rams.
What did the Rams have three coaches in five years.
The Rams had four coaches in five seasons.
That sounds about right.
How do you feel about the Faithful?
Do you mean the San Francisco 49ers?
Yep.
I am mostly disappointed with them since Jim Harbaugh left.
He is a great coach.
The biggest mistake the 49ers ever made was letting him go.
I hear that he just couldn't get along with the owner, Jeb.
Instead of being successful at the collegiate level, he could still be leading the 49ers to victory.
What do you think about Colin Kaepernick?
I think Jim is the only person who could bring out his full potential.
Do you think he will ever work in the NFL again?
It's hard to say with all the controversy surrounding him.
Changing his stance on the National Anthem thing made him look flakely.
He has decided to stand now to would increase his chances of getting hired.
I am all for him standing up for what he believes in; he just needs to be consistent.
I agree with you on that.
Do you think Tom Brady is greater than Joe Montana?
I think Tom Brady is finally edging Joe out of the top spot.
They are both great quarterbacks.
I hope the 49ers get a great one soon to help them back to the championship again.
Who is your favorite NFL team?
I am a Denver Broncos fan.
Denver? Really?
Yes. I have been since John Elway was quarterback.
That was a long time ago.
I was probably 8 or 9 when I started following them.
I bet you were happy when they hired Payton Manning.
Not really I don't like the guy.
Who doesn't like Payton Manning?
Me apparently. I just think he is an amazing football player but he is a crappy person.
Really? Why do you think that?
Do you remember when he was out for the year from the Colts with neck surgery?
That was the same year his brother Eli won the superbowl right?
Yes. When his brother won it was a major accomplishment.
It was and I was glad to see he won.
So was the nation but instead of letting his brother bask in that glory and allowing him to celebrate his accomplishment, Payton made it all about him.
What do you mean?
Payton was in front of every camera he could find talking about his contract with the Colts. It took the spotlight away from Eli which was sad.
Isn't that just sibling rivalry?
Maybe but Denver capitalized on it an Payton fueled the fire so to say.
How about them St. Louis Rams?
Oh yeah? How about them Philadelphia Eagles?
You a Philly fan?
Yeah how about them Philly Eagles?
Nah, I'm a Pats fan.
All they cheat with deflated balls!
Oh, no, not that again!
Well they did cheat with, you all's quarterback got caught cheating deflating balls, so they'd be easier to catch.
No excuses, my Pats won
Yeah, only because they cheat!
I can't wait until the pats get another championship.
i would like to see them go against the Bears in the Superbowl.
Bears just not the same team they used to be.
I like them Buccaneers.
I like the 49ers.
I thought you were a Pats fan.
Well I also got a second house in the San Francisco area, so I'm a 49ers fan too.
Well then good for you.
You bet, I get all these teams to choose from because i have homes in many different cities.
i hope the bears make it this year to the Superbowl.
What is the Raiders situation this year?
In terms of the game, or their off the field issues?
I was looking at more of the off-the-field issues, but interesting to know what they will do on the field as well.
I believe they are still in Oakland again this year and are moving to Las Vegas the year after.
Is that a sure thing? The Las Vegas move?
I think so, last time I checked. Who knows, though, things could have changed.
Kind of sad to see them leave Oakland again.
Yes, that would be the second time they left. I bet the fans will be furious.
Their fans are furious and passionate to begin with. Wonder how they would handle this?
Probably with riots on the streets and inside the stadium.
Wouldn't surprise me. How do you think they'll do on the field.
They are still either the second or third best team in the AFC with Derek Carr back.
I could see that. They definitely have a good balance on offense and defense.
It was a shame that Carr got hurt last year. They had a chance to beat New England, I believe.
Would have been a good matchup. They probably would have given New England a better game than the Steelers did.
Anybody could have. Steelers went into New England and things went south quickly.
Wonder what would happen if they won the Super Bowl this year and then moved out.
Difficult to tell. Wonder if the fans would be more behaved and send them off on a good farewell or even be more infuriated.
I would guess infuriated. Those Raiders fans are crazy.
They are definitely the craziest in the NFL.
So something i've always wondering.
What is that?
Well, when Field Goals are kicked, If you are in a stadium, even unenclosed, where does the wind come from that pushes the ball.
I've thought of something like that. i can see it in unenclosed stadiums but in an enclosed stadium it should not happen.
But i have seen games in enclosed stadums where it HAS happened.
Oh, at least 2 or 3 times last seson alone i saw it on TV.
It is definately strange.
I'm sure there is some kond of air flow in both kind of stadiums just so fans and players can breathe but to make a ball move?
Well, think how much force you would need to force air thru aa 60,000 seat stadium.
I presumed it was done in sections.
i honestly do not know.
hm.... something we should look up.
I guess the question is how do kickers and punters DO make it with breezes and air flow.
Well, other than LOTS of practice they watch the flags on the goal post to look for breeze.
True, you see them adjust a lot.
I also see a lot of balls curving real close to the end zone but straight and true up until that point.
Yeah, that always puzzles me.
Could be just the knetic energy fading out from the kick.
You think?
It's a possibility.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
Christmas?
No, silly! Football season!
Oh yeah, right. Not quite but soon.
Not that far off. Season begins September 7th with the preseason kick off on August 3rd, less than a month away!
Oh wow, that can't believe how fast this year has gone by. Who is starting us off?
Hall of Fame game of Dallas Cowboys versus Arizona Cardinals on NBC.
That is going to be an intense game. Even if I wasn't a major Cowboys fan I wouldn't want to miss it.
Been keeping up with their players lately?
Been keeping up with their cheerleaders mostly, but did hear a couple players had some issues this past week.
Oh? What's up?
Well linebacker Damien Wilson was arrested for suspicion of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Then running back Darren McFadden family was injured in that Little Rock shooting.
Oh no, that's horrible! What happened?
I don't know all the details, but I'll update you if I hear more soon.
Appreciate it. Thanks man.
No problem. Any other good pregames to look forward to?
August 25th Kansas City Chiefs at Seattle Seahawks should be promising.
Ooo. That will be a good one. What's Denver look like?
They're earlier on. August 10th I think at Chicago Bears.
Bears don't stand a chance in Hell, but I'll be in the area that week so I may check it out anyways.
Do you follow the NFL coaching staff at all?
I'm really interested in stuff like that. I love the NFL as a whole.
Who do you think are the best coaches right now?
I think it goes without saying that Bill Bellichick holds the number one spot.
Yeah, you can't deny his ability as a head coach.
I don't think people realize the greatness that we're witnessing in his coaching abilities.
For sure. He'll be talked about for years to come.
Did you know he has as many championships as all the currently active coaches combined?
I didn't know that but I can believe it. That's crazy.
He also got hit with the biggest fine in NFL history.
Really? For what?
One of his employees got caught videotaping defensive hand signals from the Jets.
Wow. When did that happen?
It was back in 2007. Some people think they cheat because of that.
Well, I could see why.
A 500,000 dollar fine might make you stop cheating though.
That's true. I still think he's a great coach, though.
True. No one can deny there's talent there.
Do you think they'll go for championship number six this year?
I think it's highly possible. The Patriots are still a very strong team.
I hear that Ezekiel Elliot is ready to up his game this season.
That's scary. He is a beast.
Yeah, between him and Dak things are looking good for the Cowboys.
I think they'll be in the Superbowl this year.
Yeah, hard to see New England repeating but then again I said that last y ear.
Tom Brady still gets it done.
Crazy to think that the Pats did it in spite of all the injuries.
They just plug whoever into Belichik's system.
I think things get a lot tougher for the Falcons this year.
Yeah, they benefited from an easy schedule last season.
Who else do you see challenging?
Maybe Seattle?
Houston is an interesting team.  They have most of the parts
That's been true for Houston for several years though.
Who else do you think cou ld surprise?
My real dark horse is Miami, they just need to find a way to move the chains on offense.
I could see the Raiders breaking out this year.
True, solid team at every position.
Who falls off the most this year?
I think Denver continues to slide.
who do you think the best running backs are going to be next year
I have my eye on the new kid, Ezekiel Elliott
oh definitely. he had a crazy season last year. 1,631 yards and 15 TDs. that is like beyond all star quality
I'm also going to be watching Jordan Howard
He looks really good as well. He only found the end zone 6 times, but he did rush for 1,300+ yards. he is going to do good things for the bears if he stays with them
Of course I will also have my eye on Le'Veon Bell
I don't know what it is about him, but I really don't like his running style
He puts up huge numbers. he ranked in the top 5 last year, and only played three quarters of the season
he does put up big numbers, but the way he stutter steps and hits the hole so delayed is annoying. I think defenses will eventually figure him out
no way. he is a rock star. so long as he stays healthy he will have a great year
personally, i'm going to watching how DeMarco Murray continues to perform
I like Tennessee's quarterback, Mariota. If he continues to perform, that will only make Murray more dangerous
He's already extremely dangerous. he averaged 80 yards a game last year with about 4.4 yards per carry
no doubt. do you think LeGarrette Blount will repeat his performance again. surpisingly that old workhorse lead the league in TDs for RBs at 18!
holy cow. i didn't know he had that many. he really adjusted to New England well.
i personally think he might be a little too old to put up those kinds of numbers again
David Johnson will probably have another stellar year
I had him in one of my fantasy leagues. he just racked up points for me week after week
you are so luck. he had 16 TDs last year. that got you a ton of points
I know. I could count on him almost every week.
Who do you think it the top running back in the league?
I'm not sure running back aren't what they used to be.
Yes, it seems the league is turning more aerial.
The forward pass is getting more and more important.
Teams don't even put as much weight into the position.
You think Adrian Pederson?
He is good but not sure as he is getting older.
How about Lesean McCoy?
McCoy is shifty but not an all around back.
How about the new kid Ezekial Elliot?
He looked good last year but still a lot to prove.
Le'Veon Bell had a good year last year.
He is definitely one of the better backs in the league.
How about DeMarco Murray?
After going to Tennessee he had a resurgence.
He is a good back when his running style is used right.
David Johnson from Arizona is good too.
He would be on my list of good backs.
Jordon Howard from the Chicago Bears is another upcoming rookie from last year.
He will be one to watch in the upcoming season.
Do you think the Seahawks will get back to the Superbowl this season?
No, I think that there defense is no longer on the level that the Superbowl teams were.
Yeah, I have to agree, the league has changed in over the years, more emphasis on passing the ball
Yeah, I don't see the Seahawks winning many scoring battles when airing it out.
They should still win the division though, I think they get to 10-12 wins.
Yes, I can see that, the Cardinals are the only real competition in the division.
Yeah, they may only need 9 wins to win that division.
Yes, unless the Rams end up surprising everybody.
Not happening, they don't have the players to push for a playoff berth yet.
What about the 49er's?
Oh man, they are an absolute mess right now, they will be battling the Rams for last place in the division.
Right, I can't believe how fast they have gone down, felt like the rivalry with the Seahawks was just yesterday.
They were so close to a Superbowl too, one of the best defensive teams during that span.
Yeah, just shows how crazy it is to be a consistent team.
Well getting back to the Seahawks I think they are reloading for another run right now.
Perhaps, it is all up to player development, there anchor players are all in their prime right now.
Yeah, I think they are still a Top 5 overall team.
You're right, however I think the Packers are about to have a resurgence.
I can see that, you got Rodgers for MVP?
Yes, he's going to have an amazing season.
Who do you think is the best running back ever?
That's easy Emmitt Smith.
Why do you think it's Emmitt?
He holds all the records.
What records does he hold.
Emmitt has the all time touchdown record.
How many touchdowns did he have?
Emmitt Smith had 164 rushing touchdowns.
How many yards did he have?
Emmitt Smith had 18,355 yards rushing.
Wow, that's pretty good.
Emmitt also has a few other records.
Like what?
He has the most carries.
I bet that number is high.
Yeah, he had 4,409 carries.
Emmitt Smith was a beast.
Yeah he was the best running back of all time.
How old was Emmitt when he retired?
Emmitt was 35 years old when he retired.
Do you gamble on the NFL?
Yeah but it can be tricky.
How can I use the weather information to make better totals bets?
By getting early information. You’ll see adjustments to our lines once information comes out, but you still need to be careful; lousy weather doesn’t always = under. We’ve been burned by that misconception more than a few times
On analysis, is it better to put less weight on the passing & put more on rushing & defensive discipline?
Interesting question. I believe you need to incorporate both…it’s still a passing league and teams are shifting away from run-heavy offenses. Need to put equal weight on all phases of the game and find the strength of each team
Will there be fixed wagering limits on NFL in-play markets?
We have limits on live betting and will adhere to them at a minimum. However, we may at certain times increase limits for marquee games or as we see fit for certain games.
With the Seahawks record at (home field) CenturyLink, how does HFA factor into lines compared to the rest of the league?
Like any game, HFA is taken into account and incorporated into the line. As it’s week 1 and fresh off a Superbowl victory, Seattle, which is historically tough at home, will be extra raucous. That’s also taken into account when setting the line.
Do you expect lines to move a lot more early in the season until more info on teams comes in?
Absolutely. We need time like anyone else to figure out which surprises are legit. That means the lines aren’t as stable as they would be later in the season. Same is true of any sport.
Do you think that provides more value for bettors or more concerns?
it can be more value for those that take the time to evaluate and analyze, but it can also be concerning for those taking shots in the dark or making assumptions
How much does a team’s popularity factor into markets? Enough to move handicaps?
That’s tricky. Teams in high-population markets with good teams can move the markets, but our clientele is sharper than the average sportsbook’s, so our lines won’t move as much in that way.
Which teams get the biggest bumps that way?
It’s what you’d expect. Teams that make the Superbowl, that have national brands, that are fun to watch. It depends on he spread though…if you have the Broncos as a 14-point favourite, our clientele know there may be value on the dog because of the inflated line.
How does stronger enforcement of pass interference/illegal contact impact week 1 lines?
That’s a good question…hadn’t really considered it. I don’t think it affects the spread much because it’s a two-way game, but you may see an increase in the total points scored per game. We’ll watch that through the season and see if it has an effect, and whether it’s called as much as in pre-season.
How good do you think the jets will be this year?
You mean how bad?
Ok,how bad.
Absolutely terrible.
Don't sugarcoat it.
They have a past his prime Matt forte.
His better years are definitely behind him.
They have no quarterback.
How about josh mccown?
How about he's a journeyman at best.
Who else do they have at qb?
Christian hackenberg and Bryce petty.
Not exactly household names.
They cut their best receiver,Brandon Marshall.
Who their rivals the Giants signed.
Big pickup for them.
Fox sports has the jets winning under 5.5 games.
I think that's safe to say.
I'm not sold on Todd Bowles as head coach.
I'm not either.
I was reading about Andrew Luck and I hope he'll be able to play soon.
He had surgery right?
Yes, on his shoulder, and he still can't throw.
How long ago was his surgery?
In January so it has been awhile.
Who will the Colts use if he can't start?
Scott Tollzien. He played for Wisconsin in college, and then the 49ers and Packers.
Oh well he's had a lot of experience then.
Yes, just not as a starter. They really need Luck to get back as soon as possible.
Is he even practicing yet at camp?
No. He is just observing because he hasn't been released yet.
If he gets healthy they probably have a really good shot this year.
I think they need more than him though. They didn't have a great season last year.
They definitely need to up their defense a bit.
Especially being in the same conference as the Patriots.
Well Brady probably doesn't have many years left, but I'm sure they can find someone else.
Definitely. The Patriots are strong as a team.
They could probably do well with any quarterback.
I'm sure they could with the offense and defense that they have.
I would like to see a new champion this year though. The same winners get boring after awhile.
Are there any NFL teams you route against?
Of course!
Really? I didn't take you as that much of a hardcore fan.
I'm more of a casual fan: I watch when it's on, but I don't care too much.
So who do you root against?
The Giants, the Jets, the Steelers, and the Cowboys.
Why those?
The Giants and Jets because in every sport I root against New York-based teams. That and I hate Eli Manning.
So why the Steelers? You're from Pennsylvania.
Right, the eastern side. Born a Philly fan.
But they're not even the same conference.
Yeah, but Big Ben is a horrible person who has been involved in accidents and a heck of a lot of sexual assaults.
Yeah, he's sketchy. So why America's team?
Precisely that. The arrogance of calling themselves America's team.
You probably hate the Super Bowl, then right?
How so?
Because the winner is the World Champion.
I HATE THAT SO MUCH.
Haha, I know you would.
American pro sports and arrogance go together so well, don't they. Especially the NFL.
Hey, what do you think about football?
I love football!
Oh, really?
Yea I love watching big men collide with eachother
That's a little different...
They're so big and strong and...
A bit of a different opinion...
Their tight butts working it hard!
Dude...
What?  They're so hot!
Okay.. but do you like the game itself?
Sure!  As long as one of my boys are playing!
Your boys?
Like Payton Manning!
Oh, he's a great player!  One of the best QBs!
Oh I totally agree!
Did you see the last game with...
He just has the cutest butt!
Okay I think we watch for different reasons...
Oh, maybe so!
Are you ready for some football?
Yes, I have been counting the months to go and Pre-season is about to start.
Who is your favorite NFL team this season?
Even though I do not have a home team I am excited to see what the Miami Dolphins will do this season.
What was the Dolphins record last year?
They were 10 and 6 for the season.
Who owns the Miami Dolphins?
Stephan Ross in the majority share holder but there are others owners for the team.
Have they won a Superbowl game?
Oh yes they have been to the Superbowl many times and have won a few.
Was Dan Marino the quarter back for the Dolphins?
He was a long time ago.
Who is the current quarteback for Miami?
Matt Moore is the current quarterback.
What is his standing in the NFL?
As far as I know he was a very good backup quarterback.
What year did Matt Moore enter the NFL?
He was undrafted, but the Cowboys signed him in 2007.
Do you see The Dolphins as a contender for the NFL Superbowl this season?
It's wishful thinking, maybe next year?
Are you excited for the Texans this coming season?
Yes and no.
Why no?
It's hard to get excited about Tom Savage being QB.
I feel you there.
I'm more excited about the future of the team with Watson under helm:
I think most of the city of Houston is.
Hopefully Watson starts next season and the defense still has a few years left.
That would be the perfect scenario.
I just want to see a Championship here in Houston.
Yeah. Even the Oilers could't bring one home.
Nope. Only been a NBA title here in Houston. We need something else!
Hopefully Clowney can have another great season.
I hope so. He was a best last season.
He made Tom Brady look like a rag doll in the playoffs.
One of the only bright spots in that game.
I wouldn't want him chasing me down!
Yeah, I'd be scared as heck.
Plus, Watt coming back this season?
Yeah I'm excited about that.
My favorite team is the Panthers. What's yours?
Mine is the Seahawks
Who is your favorite player? Mine is Cam Newton
Mine is Earl Thomas
Who do you think will go to the Super Bowl this year? I think it will be the Panthers and the Raiders
I think it might be the Cowboys and the Raiders
Did watch the Super Bowl last year?
Yes and i thought the Falcons played a tough game
Yea i thought they were going to pull it off. How do you like Matt Ryan?
He's a very good QB and they do have a good chance to go to the Super Bowl again this year too.
I had a bg party and a lot of people got mad that they lost. Did you do anything?
I had a party too and the same thing with the people that came to mine.
Who do you think has the best defense? I think the Cowboys have good defense
I think the Seahawks have the best defense in the NFL.
Who do you think is the best QB? i think Cam Newton is.
I would have to agree with you. He is really good
Who has the best offense? I think the Panthers do.
I think that the Falcons do.
Who do you think will be the underdog team that will surprise everyone this year? I think that it will be the Raiders
I think it will be the Chiefs
Is the Bears game on?
Yep!
Who's winning?
They are!
Great.  I bet this is a good game.
It is.
Are they playing the Dolphins?
Yes, in all thier glory.
I think it will be a close game.
I agree.
Some great competitors playing.
Dolphins have a few more strong players than the Bears.
My Bears are strong too!
Yes they are.
The head coach looks stressed.
Yes, he is.
He knows this is a close game!
I'm sure they'll win.
Want to bet on it?
Sure, $20 Bears!
What do you think about the Browns this year?
I think they are actually going to surprise some people.
I know, right?
They drafted well the last few years and seem to be going in the right direction.
Well its about time.
No kidding, how many years has it been since they were decent.
Well since before they moved?
I think you are right.
Did you hear about the Cinnicinnati option?
No?
Well there is discussion about coaching changes and the impact they might have
For this year?
Well next but I am sure how they all do impacts that.
Crazy!
Speaking of the Bengals what do you think?
i think they have some good pieces but I am not sold
I know, every time I think I am they dissapoint me.
I just don't think they are ready for the big time yet
Maybe if they get some veterans
I agree
How many more Superbowls do you think Brady can win?
I bet he has one more in him.
You think so?
Well, Manning and Elway went out on top. I see Brady doing it too.
Yea, he's the greatest ever.
Better than Montana?
I think so.
Wonder what Drew Bledsoe thinks?
Haha, old Drew never got his job back.
He was a really good QB too.
Yea, but nothing like Brady.
I can't argue with that.
Maybe because his balls were deflated?
Oh that's just wrong.
I know, that deflategate was a waste of money.
I had hoped the team would keep Mallett as a backup.
The guy from Arkansas?
`Yea, I think he had a ton of potential.
I did too.
Can't doubt the coach though.
The Dolphins training camp start July 27th?
That's right around the corner!
The public can go to 13 practices.
I didn't know we could go.
They let people come to some of them. They let around 200 people in each one.
Have you ever been?
I went one year, I took my nephew when he was 10.
Did he enjoy it?
Yes, they make it a big deal.
Like what?
They have face painting food trucks.
Sounds like a fair.
Not really, but the kids can get autographs from some players.
Did your nephew get an autograph.
Yes, on a football.
Does he still have it.
I don't think so.
Why not.
I'm pretty sure he sold it.
That's hilarious.
Hey did marshawn lynch retire again
No but he should i think
Why dont you like him
Because he isnt as good as everyone thinks
Dude have you seen his stats ?
Yeah and they dont impress me
I dont like him as a person also but he is a good player
Ok he might be decent but thatts about it
Alright dude lets talk about someone else
Alright what do you think of tom brady
Dude hes a cheater
No they lied about that
No way there is so much proof saying otherwise
He has evolved so much since then so it doesent matter
Yeah cheaters never change and he still isnt better than peyton
Sure peytons good but hes no tom brady
Peyton has a lot more history than brady first of all
Yeah but that means nothing
He has not become great from just history but his games also
You know nothing about football
So what will the Patriots do to cheat this year?
Who knows...it's something every single year.
Definitely...I call them the Cheatriots and their coach is Bill Belicheat.
I love that...and couldn't agree more. Every one of their super bowl wins is tainted in my opinion.
And people who think Belichick is great are kidding themselves...he stinks without Brady.
Oh definitely. He was nothing with the Jets and nothing with the Browns.
The only player on that team that I like is Gronk.
I like him too...pains me to say I like a Patriot though!
Edleman isn't bad either...I don't know how they always find these little receivers with talent.
I know...him, Welker, Amendola...same types.
I'm personally hoping that someone...anyone...wins the AFC East but the Patriots.
I do to...same old same old every season.
And Brady claims he's going to play until he's 50.
He'll probably find  way to cheat his way into doing it.
That 4th quarter in the super bowl last season was amazing though.
I'll have to admit, it was. But I think the Falcons gave it away more than the Patriots won it.
Maybe the Jets will surprise everyone in the East this year.
Right...maybe I'll grow 3 feet by tomorrow!
Yeah, probably have about the same chance!
Exactly... but I do love the Jets so I hope they just don't embarrass themselves this year.
Did you hear Tom Brady has written a book?
No, is it about football and the NFL, or about his personal life?
It's about training to be an athlete more than about the games or teams.
He must know something about training since he's such a great player.
The book title is about sustaining peak performance. I imagine he does have to really work hard to stay in shape since he's had such a long career.
That was something last winter when New England won the Super Bowl.
I know, it was New England's fifth time winning the Super Bowl.
I would have thought he would have written a book about the games he's played.
He said the book shows how he's been able to succeed as an athlete because of the way he trains.
So it's not just a lot of practice that makes him good?
No, he has an unusual way of training he said.
I'm sure that will be useful to new athletes who are trying to make it onto the big teams.
He also said he has an unusual approach and method of exercise.
I would think exercise is super important for being able to keep up your strength during the game.
Yeah, everyone could use exercise to keep up their energy at whatever they do.
I'm curious how much time someone like Brady exercises to stay in shape.
The book comes out in September.
I think it would be interesting reading.
He should go on a book tour and sign copies, and they would sell out everywhere he went.
Wow, wouldn't that be something to be able to get Tom Brady's autograph?
Hey there, are you going to watch any NFL games this season?
Yeah, I'll probably tune into a few.
Oh, cool man. What's your favorite team?
I like the Falcons.
Oh yeah? Are you from the Atlanta area?
Yeah I grew up there, but now I live in Detroit.
Oh, so do you like the Lions too? They had a decent season last year.
Yeah I root for them too, I like Matt Stafford.
Yeah he's a pretty good quarterback. Who are some of your other favorite players?
I like Matt Ryan, and Julio Jones. What about you?
Yeah I like those guys too. But my favorite player is probably Marshawn Lynch.
Beast Mode. Yeah you must be excited that he came out of retirement to play this season.
Oh for sure man. It will be weird seeing him playing for the Raiders though.
Yeah, that's his hometown though right? Oakland?
Yeah I think that's why he came out of retirement, to play for his home team.
Oh, thats cool, we will see how the Raiders do this year.
I don't know if they will do that well. They are in a tough division.
Yeah the Chiefs, and Broncos and who else are in that division?
The Chargers.
Oh yeah that's right. They didn't do too well last year.
Did you watch that movie called Magic Mike?
No, who is in that.
It stars Channing Tatum.
Oh ok I think I've heard about it.
It was underrated for sure.
Is that so?
Yes I really enjoyed it.
I thought it might have been more directed towards women given the subject of male dancers.
It was actually great entertainment for any adult.
Why is that?
There is a decent story to it, with great visual effects as well.
Ok that sounds like a good combination.
Yes it is a fun movie too.
Ok that is good.
Yes there are comedic elements, as well as great drama.
Ok I can appreciate that.
Yes I think you will like it.
Ok thank you for telling me about it.
Yes let me know what you like about it.
Ok, it sounds like a unique movie, thanks again.
Hey! What's up?
Nothing much how about you?
Nothing really. I did see a really neat movie though.
Which one?
It's called Moon.
When did that come out?
A while ago but I really liked it.
Was it well rated?
Oh heck yeah everyone really loved it.
I'mma need to check that out!
I can lend you a copy of it if you want.
I would really appreciate that.
Sure!
So what is it about?
It's about a guy who is stuck in a moon base taking care of things.
That sounds really neat.
I can't spoil it for you but I really think that you are ganna like it
How long is it?
It's only about a couple hours, nothing crazy.
I'll watch it this weekend.
Hey, friend!
Hey, good to see you! How has your week been?
It's been OK. I've been kind of sick.
Ah, sorry to hear that.
It's OK. I called in to work and just played video games and watched movies all day.
Oh yeah? What movies?
Well, I'm feeling a little too crappy to really focus on anything, so I watched some of my old favorites.
Like what?
I turned on Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark. I hadn't watched that one in years.
That's definitely one of my all-time favs as well.
It's amazing how well it holds up. What's it been, 30 years now?
At least that, I'd bet.
I also watched Mad Max: Fury Road. Have you seen that one?
Oh yeah. It's so good.
Maybe my favorite movie that came out last year.
Seems like weird sick day viewing though, don't you think?
I don't know; I kind of just turned it on and let it wash over me.
OK, I can see that. It's a crazy movie but very visually pleasing.
Definitely. Some of my favorite action sequences ever.
That first vehicle chase sequence belongs in a museum.
Falco was weird. It was so 80s though. It's the quintessential Europop from the 80s
Not sure if I would call it that.
That was literally the first song in German I've ever heard.
i know that can't be right.
What? how do you know?
Because 99 Luftballons was back in 1983. Rock me Amadeus was in 85.
Oh.. Shoot. Right. I did hear that luftballons song before.
As a matter of fact, i would go so far as to say, it was Nena's popularity singing in German helped Falco to achieve his fame
Like, Americans have liked a German song before, so why not another German song...
Exactly.
But anyway, the way Mozart was portrayed was kinda weird. He was portrayed so odd, childish, and immature. And what's with the laughter?
Eccentric. i think the movie makers wanted to portray his eccentricity.
Yes! Eccentric.
Well. Mozart in his time was an incredibly odd fella. And to go against the grain to write an Opera in German, at the time, was unheard of.
Movie makes an error. Mozart was not buried at a pauper's mass grave.
It is known that he was interred in a common grave.
Yes. Not sure why the movie maker made that error or did it intentionally.
Probably did it intentionally to elicit more emotions from the audience.
But that's a fake emotion off a false idea. That's... violative.
That's a big word for you. Yeah, it's somewhat misleading. But it makes you really hate Salieri.
Hello bro what is up with you
Nothing much
Same i am pretty bored
Yeah today is a drag
Same man same gotta do something
Well then gotta think of something as the weather is rainy out so going out is a no go
Well that is obvious
Well brain storm with that little brain of yours
I am you goofball
Well then lets figure it out
Well i am considering suggesting we watch a movie
Well that sounds fun what sort of movie
I do not know what are you in the mood for
I sort of want something that is down to earth
I do want to watch something serious
Well then i got a suggestion
Sure go ahead what is it
Well how about Schindlers list
That is an excellent classic
Go ahead pop it in
Hey there
Hi, how have you been?
Fine thanks
What about you?
I´m on vacations, so I´m watching a lot of movies
Wich ones have you seen so far
The Excorcist, all Harry Potter´s movies, Lord of the rings, each and every one
wow, good taste
yeah I have been busy
well, I have been busy too
I´ve been watching all The God Father´s movies
those are quite old
I know but I really enjoy watching Marlon Brandon performance
I´ve never seen those movies
You should, now that you have the time
I´m not really into those type of movies
so what other movies are you planning to watch
well I am going to change category, I will start watchin comedy
You should watch all JIm Carrey's  movies the
I agree
Hey How are you doing today?
I am doing great! Yourself?
Awesome, I stayed up late last night watching a movie called The thing called love.
Oh, I heard of that movie ?Is it old ?
Yes, it is fairly old now.
Who is in it?
The late Rive Phoenix, Samantha Mathis, and Sandra Bullock
oh, I remember River Phoenix so cute and so talented.  What a tragedy.
I think it was made right before River Phoenix died and before Sandra Bullock became famous.
Sandra Bullock is an great actress.  What is it about?
A big city new york girl follwoing her dreams to be a country star.
Did they play any good country music?
Yes Trisha Yearwood was in a lot of it with her songs.
oh, what music does she write ?
She wrote the song I can't understand.
Oh, I know that song.  I love that song!
She also has the song A perfect love out now.  But its not in the movie.
That is a great song I really like that one too!
You should definitly look into streaming The thing called love its underated.
Ok, I will look into watching that this weekend. Thanks !!
Some kind of weather we've been having lately.
No kidding; one minute it's pouring and the next minute it's scorching!
Yeah, it reminds me of that song about extremes.
Which song is that?
It's the one where the singer says something like you're hot and you're cold.
You're yes and you're no?
Yeah that's the one! Who's it by?
I think that's a Katy Perry song.
You're in then you're out... yeah, that's a fun song.
Hard to believe it came out almost ten years ago.
Wait, really??
Yeah, it came out in 2008.
Wow. Whatever happened to her?
Actually her next album's about to come out.
No kidding! What's it called?
Witness, it's supposed to come out June 9th.
Huh. Didn't she have a single come out recently for it?
Yeah, Chained to the Rhythm.
I knew it! I'll have to check it out, she has some good songs.
Well, she's kinda hit or miss, but yeah, you should.
What is your favorite band?
Do you mean current band or a band that is no longer together?
It doesn't matter. What is it?
I'd have to say the Monkees!
The Monkees? I love them!
They're amazing and their music is so catchy.
Didn't other people write their songs?
I believe so. I think Carole King & Neil Diamond wrote a few.
What was their big hit?
You're thinking of the song "I'm A Believer"
I love that track!
Yes, me too. I loved the remake they did for Shrek.
I prefer the original.
I do too. But I was happy they brought the song back to life.
Do they have any other hits?
Yes, I think "Last Train to Clarksville" was a hit
What is that song about?
I assumed it was about a train. But many artists love to use metaphors.
Maybe it is about life and death and the passing of time.
That is possible. But it also might just be simple and about a train.
did you like the above the rib soundtrack ?
I loved that movie and the soundtrack both
Did you like tupac in the movie?
He did a good job in the acting
Do you like his acting or music better
In the movie he did well but the soundtrack is one of his best works
How about Juice ?
Excellent movie and Tupac should have got a award for his acting.
was the mosoundtrack good for juice ?
Yes but mot as good as Above the rim
What is another movie that was just as good as the soundtrack ?
I would say Dead Presidents
Why that one ?
They had lots of old school music like james brown. The music was better than the movie
Any more ?
Yes I think that Ju=esus Christ Superstar was another good one
How about Lady sings the blues ?
Also a good one.
Did you like the doord movie ?
I loved the movie and the music.
Hey, how you doing?
Good to see you! I'm fine. What's new with you lately?
I saw a really interesting movie last night.
What was it called?
Interstellar. It's the latest Christopher Nolan movie.
I heard that was good, but that it had some absurd science in it.
I really liked it. But yeah, there were some major implausibilities in it.
Like what?
Worst was the "going into a black hole and surviving" thing.
Ugh. I had that. But was it worth it?
I think so. I mean, there's are symbolic ways to interpret the absurd science in this case.
How do you mean?
Like, love was seen as a fundamental force in the universe, like gravity. Scientifically absurd, but beautiful on a symbolic level, and emotionally resonant.
I guess. I have a hard time with movies that have implausibility. Wasn't Matt Damon in that movie? He's one of my favorites.
Yeah, Damon played a minor character. A real jerk, did not behave very well to say the least!
How were the female characters in the movie?
There were some strong, smart women in the movie. Well, mostly the main character's daughter. But she was really good.
I wish there were more good female characters in movies.
Agreed. Pretty rare for a movie to have multiple richly-drawn female characters these days.
Especially science fiction movies!
Hey, listen to any good music lately?
Well I always try to listen to the good stuff.
Such as?
I listened to some of the highlights from Glee.
Glee? Ha ha!
No its true, they have some good recordings. Check it out.
Like who?
Matthew Morrison and Lea Michele.
Ok, I know they can sing.
Matthew Morrison does an awesome version of Dream On.
That has potential.
And Lea Michele does a wonderful version of Defying Gravity.
I like Wicked.
Yeah well they're the bomb.
If you say so.
I do say so.  You should check it out.
Any other Glee singers?
Chris Colfer.
Yeah he's won an award, right?
They go on tours and pack in the house. You should get your Gleek on some time.
Do you own any guitar pedals?
Just one.
Would you like to buy a few of mine?
Sure which ones?
I'm selling the distortion, and the glass house.
How much for the glass house?
I'll let that one go for$30
Cool, I'll take it.
Did you know the guys from rage uses that guitar pedal?
I did
I really like that one, but I need the money.
Why? What's up?
I'm going to a concert next week, but I don't have money to drink.
Oh, who's playing.
Morrissey
That slob?
Yeah, but it takes me back
You when?
The good old days.
I understand
Do you like Taylor Swift?
Everybody likes Taylor Swift.
You think so? I kind of don't like some of her stuff.
Oh, really? Like what?
Well, I like a decent amount of the pop music she's done lately.
What don't you like? Her earlier stuff?
Yeah, I'm not big into the sappy country side of her music.
That side is her whole origin story though.
I can understand that, but it's just a little too cheesy to me.
I guess it's a little cheesy.
What are some of your favorite songs by her?
I like Shake it Off a lot, that one is really catchy.
Yeah, me too. That's one of her best ones.
I think so too, also Blank Space is really good.
I think both of those are definitely her most catchy songs.
What do you think about her concerts?
I haven't been to one, I'm not really good with big crowds.
She definitely does get a lot of people in her crowd.
Yeah, everybody who likes pop pretty much loves Taylor Swift.
It's interesting to have watched her slowly shift from country to pop.
Ugh, I can tell my friend used my pandora last.
How?
It's still on the Steven Universe soundtrack station.
Is that so bad?
I just never really got into it, despite her efforts to get me interested. Except for one song.
Which one?
The cookie cat song.
Oh yeah, I remember that. Still gets stuck in my head.
Yeah, mine too and not in a great way.
I like the theme song more than anything.
I don't mind it except for Steven's voice.
Not a fan?
Not especially.
How come?
I just can't stand the qualities of his voice, it's so aggravating. Especially when he was going through his voice change.
Really? He's one of my favourites.
Garnet is my favourite. her personality, her singing, everything.
Makes sense, you know her voice actor is a professional singer right?
Yeah. Never heard any of her stuff apart from that series though.
Me neither, I just know she's supposed to be good.
What do you think of Franco de Vita?
I like hes songs I dont really understand the lyrics but hes songs have a great rythem.
The lyrics are pretty good I come from a latin family and understand spanish language.
I see, well its great that way you can enjoy them better.
Yeah I liked hes music every since I was a child.
Do you happen to know where hes from?
Hes from Venezuela.
Oh I see, I didnt know that.
Do you like any other latin performers?
I like Luis Miguel as well.
Hes also a great artist. I also like hes songs.
Yeah they have a good rythem and the music video are nice.
I like the lyrcis as well.
I think the live concerts he has are pretty good.
Have you ever been to one of hes concerts?
No I haven but I watched some videos online
I liked the one in Vina del Mar in Chile, its pretty good.
I havent seen that one but I might watch it.
Yeah you should its a great performance.
I like Arjona as well hes another latin artist with great songs.
David Bowie was one of the greatest songwriters ever.
He had quite an imagination when it came to lyrics.
He did.
What are some of your favorite songs that he wrote?
Starman was one of them, so was Under Pressure.
I have read he was extemley intelligent and collected fine art.
He would have to be intelligent and artistic to come up with the songs and lyrics that he did.
Remember Ziggy Stardust and the SPiders from Mars?
I sure do.
He had nine platinum albums!
Wow and I know he had  top selling albums.
That is because his voice and music is amazing.
Truly.
Some of his early inspiration came from Little Richard and Elvis.
That is interesting.
He started his first band when he was 15.
Really , what was the name of it.
The Konrads.
Wow never heard of that.
They played a lot of weddings and events.
Who is your favorite band of all time?
Wow, there are so many good ones, that's a tough question. You first.
That's easy for me. My favorite band has been Nine Inch Nails for as long as I can remember!
Interesting, don't hear that everyday. Why them?
Well for one thing, they were really the first band to introduce me to something other than standard radio rock.
OK, I can see that, but still aren't they a little to hard core or even violent?
Ha, you are not the first person to say that to me. Have you listened to much of their music?
I mean I have heard their main songs, but I have never paid that much attention to them.
Well they are definately a loud band, and they have had some pretty rough songs. But they also have some stuff that is mello and even melodic.
I would not have really guessed that from them.
Oh yeah! And what is more, the lead singer, Trent Reznor, is really a musical genious!
What makes you say that?
Besides Nine Ince Nails, he has scored movies one of which even won an Oscor.
No kidding? Nine Inch Nails?
Totally! And he has produced a lot of music for other artists as well. From rap to other Industrial bands.
Well maybe I should do a deep dive on them some time!
Absolutely. Now back to my question, who is YOUR favorite band?
I guess I do owe you an answer now don't I?
I would say so.
OK, I think my favorite band of all time would have to be Led Zeplin.
Do you think that animals can enjoy music? How do you know?
I do every time I play certain songs my dog likes to run around the apartment and play.
Do you think that music can help make world peace? How?
I do not think that music can help with world peace. You?
I do. Music brings a lot of different cultures and people togethor and I think it can help.
How important do you think a good music teacher is to mastering an instrument?
Most musicians are self taught so I am not sure if it is that important for the teacher to be good.
Do you think the use of drugs by some musicians increases their artistic creativity?
I think it depends on the genre, for Dance and Rock music I think it helps.
Who is your favorite composer?
2pac is my favorite composer of all time, his lyrics were the best.
Did you go to the symphony when you were a child?
No I like classical music but never attended any symphony ever.
What makes a song popular for you, the lyrics of the song or the melody?
I think the melody is more important than the lyrics of the song. You?
I do not agree, I would say that the lyrics are the difference maker over a melody in a song.
Do you think it is wrong to download music for free?
Yes I think it is wrong, especially when you can stream songs for around 10 a month.
Do you ever create (mix) CD's for your friends?
Yes I like to create mixes and different playlist for my friends when we go on trips.
Do you like Native American Flute Music?
I'm not sure I've ever heard any.  Can you name some recording artists with the Native American Flute
You can check out Carlos Nakai.  He is great but there are many others.
I'll check him out.
Robbie Robertson is a good one too.  He plays flute but has vocals as well.
I'll check him out.  How did you learn about the Native American flute.
I was at a Native American Festival in Moundville State Park in Alabama several years ago.
Oh?  Was someone selling music there?
Actually someone was demonstrating the flute.  He played one made of Rivercane.
Wow!  A flute made of cane?  Is that kind of like a fishing pole.
More or less.  It is indeed a type of bamboo.
Music from a plant!  That's cool.
It is indeed.  They sound great, but I think I like wood flutes the best.
Wood?  What kind?
Traditional flutes were cedar, but most any wood can be used for a flute that produces beautiful music.
That's great.
Search for Native American Flute music and see what you come up with.
I'll do that.
I think you'll be hooked if you ever listen to Native American Flute music.  You can also search for American Indian flutes, or just Indian wood flutes.
Thanks for turning me on to Native American flute music.  I'll be sure and check it out.
do you know seether
they did that song with amy lee?
yes, they just released a new album
i dont really care much about them.
i just care because its nostalgic
i used to like their depressing songs but not now
fine again was one of my favorites
i used to relate to that song
i still do sometimes
i feel embarrassed listening to it
its so angsty
they wanted ot be like nirvana
they even covered nirvana songs
the singer sounds like kurt though
they could make a killer nirvana cover band
i would be tempted to see that
i wish i would have been able to see the real nirvana
me too
nirvana were so important to rock
the most important 90s band
What's your favorite genre of music?
I'm a big fan of hip hop.
Cool. Who's your favorite hip hop artist?
Currently, my favorite is probably Kendrick Lamar. But Tupac is my favorite rapper of all time.
I don't really listen to much rap, but I think those two are both really talented.
What type of music do you prefer?
I really like pop music.
Who are some of your favorite pop artists right now?
I really like Carly Rae Jepsen, Taylor Swift, Rihanna, Lorde, and Ariana Grande.
Oh I love Ariana Grande. She has an amazing voice.
I think so too. It's amazing such a big voice can come out of such a small person.
I used to really like Taylor Swift too but in my opinion her more recent albums haven't been as strong as her early ones.
I can see what you mean. Her sound has definitely changed a lot over time.
Yeah, I don't really enjoy most country music but I liked it when she had a country sound.
Yeah, I think she sounded a little bit more authentic back then.
For sure. You could definitely tell she was writing her own stuff.
Although, her songs now are pretty catchy too I have to say.
They're definitely catchy, but they always get stuck in my head!
Oh I know! I remember having Blank Space stuck in my head for days at a time after that came out.
Me too!
What do you think about bands playing to a backing track?
I think it is pretty lame
Me too
I wish they just played what they have live
I understand doing it on an album, but not live
I especially don't like it for the voice of the singer
Yeah we cannot tell if he is really that good, or not
It's not as bad as lip syncing though
I agree
There are some organic bands out there though
Like who?
Iron Maiden doesn't do that
They are just pure music
Yes and they are the real deal
I saw them live once
Was it fun?
Yes and no backing track
That is awesome
I think no metal bands should ever have a backing track
Of course they shouldn't. No band should
Hey, who is this you are listening to?
This is an artist named Jeff Beck.
I think I've heard of him.
Yes, he's been around since the late sixties.
What's his style that he likes to play?
He plays everything from blues to progressive rock.
Oh, is he playing the guitar?
Yes, that is Beck on electric guitar.
What's the name of this song you are listening to?
It's called Led Boots.
What album is this from?
This album is called Wired.
What year was it released?
Wired came out in 1976.
Is there any other notable songs from Wired?
I personally liked Blue Wind.
Does Jeff Beck have any other albums?
Oh yes, Beck has plenty of albums to choose from.
Okay, I'll listen to some of his music on the internet.
Yes, I'm sure you will find something you like.
What do you think of video game music?
I don't really listen to that kind of music a lot.
Not even when you're playing the games that have music?
Well, yeah when I'm playing games I kind of have to listen to it.
Do you like what you hear?
I guess I do, but it goes on in the background so you don't really pay attention that much to it.
That's actually why I like it so much.
Now that you mention it, I could see it being good background music.
It's especially good for doing homework, because it's both relaxing and helps you focus.
What are some of the better artists that do video game music?
I'm not sure what the guy's name is, but the person who does the music for the Fable games does a great job.
What does he sound like?
He wrote a lot of great melodies to be played by an orchestra, so it's kind of like classical music.
That's interesting, is it any good?
I love all the music from the first game. Each song is very memorable and fills you with a lot of emotion.
Wow, that's pretty rare for music in a video game.
I would say so too, it's rare to have really good music in a video game.
Are there any other games that have great music?
I like all the music in the Final Fantasy games a lot, most of that is orchestral too.
I guess orchestral video game music is some of the best then.
Whatever happened to Marilyn Manson?
Who cares?
I kinda dug his music.
You and every other goth on the planet.
Those types never really stand the test of time.
Too true.
Still, I always wanted to see him in concert.
I'll bet that's a creepy show.
I would have to imagine.
I just looked him up online.
And?
He's still touring.
Awesome.
You can make you life long dream a reality.
You're such a smart aleck!
Can't help it.
Tell you what, if he comes through town, I'll go with you.
You're the best!
Anything for you my freind.
Thanks!
What do you think of 80s bands like New Order?
I've only heard a few of their songs, I haven't really heard much.
They're actually still performing, and going to the Hollywood Bowl this September.
Really, maybe we should get tickets.
Yeah, it would be cool to see them peform some of their best songs from the 80s.
What do you think are some of their best songs?
My favorite one of all is called "Vanishing Point".
i don't know if I've heard that one.
It's on their album 'Technique' which was released in 1989.
Sing part of the lyrics, maybe I've heard of it.
The chorus starts off, "My life ain't no holiday, I've been through the point of no return..."
That sounds vaguely familiar.
"...I've seen what the man can do, I've seen all the hate of the woman, too..."
I think I have heard that song.
And then it has the most awesome, catchy instrumentals.
I think I'll go check it out to see if it's the one I'm thinking it is.
It is so easy to zone out listening to that song, man I love it!
Yeah, the songs I've heard by New Order are really good.
If I was on a deserted island, I would not be upset if all I had to listen to was New Order music.
Wow, you really do like them a lot.
What's your favorite opera?
La Boheme, what about yours?
I'd have to say Cosi fan tutte
Why would you pick that one?
Well, the music in Boheme is beautiful and it's dramatic and lovely but Cosi is funny!
It's in Italian, how do you know?
I saw a production in English, and also there are subtitles.
Ok, but people don't go to the opera for comedy. They go for the singing!
True, and the singing in Cosi is beautiful. It's pure Mozart with all the swells and sweet harmony.
But where's the drama and the angst that pulls at your heart like a good Puccini?
Think about per pieta, where Fiordiligi is asking her love to forgive her for being weak. She's sweet and pleading, and furious with herself!
Ok that does sound like it has some drama to it.
It really does! She's in love and confused and wants to follow her code of honor and rails at herself for the mistakes she's made.
And this is in the middle of a comedy?
Yeah. The guy she let sweep her off her feet is disguised with a ridiculous moustache.
Because false facial hair is a recipe for comedy.
You have to admit it's a time honored tradition. Beards are funny.
I still think Puccini's drama is more fun to watch just because it's emotional.
I can go for drama sometimes, but the music in Cosi is beautiful and the plot is fun and moves along briskly. To each their own I guess.
We can definitely agree on that!
I am putting together a mix tape for my grandma, would you help me pick out some songs?
Sure, what kind of music does she like?
She likes gospel, and some country.
Maybe you should use the country artists who sing gospel songs.
That is a great idea.
You could use Alan Jackson, he has a lot of gospel songs.
What songs does he sing?
He sings amazing grace, the old rugged cross, blessed assurance and so many more.
Great I will add him to the mix tape.
Reba also sings quite a few hymns.
My grandma loves her voice.
My favorite hymn of hers is How Great Thou Art.
I will definatley use that song.
She has many more you can check out too.
I am also going to use Vince Gill's music too.
What song does she like by him?
Look At Us.
That is such a sweet song, full of love.
I agree, thank you for your help.
Your welcome.
I've been listening to music from the 1950's lately.
Really?    Why stuff so old?
It started when I was watching that show about Sun Records.
That was where Elvis Presley was discovered, right?
Yes, not just that, but a lot of popular artists that are the foundation of rock.
Who are some of these people?
Well, there is Ike Turner.
Tina's former husband?
Yes, he had a career before he started with her.
That's cool.    Who else?
Johnny Cash started there.
I've been meaning to see that movie.
It is good, but the soundtrack does not touch the real thing.
What should I download it I want to try him out?
He did a record in San Quentin prison, and it is amazing.
That must be something to hear!    Who else.
Well, Jerry Lee Lewis, the piano player.
There's Great Balls of Fire I know.
He is an amazing piano player, and his cousin is the preacher Jimmy Swaggart.
Well, I guess you can't have everything in life!
Are you familiar with the twilight zone?
Yeah, why?
Because I was watching Perry Mason the other day and I thought I recognized some of the music.
As being from the Twilight Zone?
Yeah.
What music?
Well it was somewhere in season two of Perry Mason, and I thought it was the same music from the Twilight Zone episode with the slot machine.
Oh, I know exactly what music you're talking about!
Yay! You remember what was playing when the machine is stalking him at his room?
Yeah I can hear it as if it was playing right now.
Is that not the same music?
I believe it is. There was a lot of good music from the Twilight Zone but that particular music is very trademark.
Probably the only more iconic music from it was during the theme.
I love that. I wonder if when they came up with that they knew how many people would do a take off on it in the future.
I don't know, I think it's just one of those things that was kind of accidental.
They definitely did a good job with all the music in the series though.
I agree, from the slow teasing scenes to the abrupt jarring scenes.
They always know exactly what music to employ to set the scene.
And to scare you or intrigue you as well.
Exactly.
You're a fan of Elton John, aren't you?
I would say i'm one of the biggest Elton John fans around.  i think he's great.
Me too.  i've been a fan of his for almost fifty years, since "Your Song" hit the charts.
Me too, and that remains one of my favorite of his songs.  It's a beautiful song with great lyrics.
One of the great things about Elton is that he has done so many great ballads, but so many up-tempo songs as well.
Definitely.  For example, he did "Satuday Night's all right for Fighting," and also "Candle in the Wind," and both are on the same album.
Yes, his classic "goodbye yellow brick road" album had those songs and so many other great tunes.
I think of all his albums, that one sold the most.  Almost all my friends at that time bought that album as soon as it came out.
I actually remember the day i bought that album.  I got it at the college bookstore, all those years ago when i was a student.
It's interesting that you remember something like that.  That shows what a great fan you are.  What are some of your other favorite albums that he did?
I always liked "Don't Shoot me, i'm the piano player," and i really liked "the fox," which was recorded a bit later, i think in 1980.
"the Fox?"  I"m not familiar with that one.
Well it's not one of his most famous albums; it has quite a mellow sound to most of it's songs.  I especially like "Chloe" which was not a big hit but which remains one of my favorite Elton John songs.
Didn't Elton go through a bit of a "slump" at one point when his popularity took a bit of a dive?
You're probably referring to the mid to late 1980s.  but when he worked on the "Lion King" soundtrack, that slump was a thing of the past.  His contribution to that soundtrack brought him hundreds of thousands of new fans who saw how versatile he was.,
Do you remember his song "Friends?"  That wasn't a big hit but i consider it one of his best.
Actually I do remember it.  there is actually a "Friends" soundtrack which i remember giving to my wife as a gift many years ago.
I never knew it was a soundtrack.  But i do own the single; on vinyl of course.  It was his follow up to "Your Song."
One thing people may forget is that he had a serious drug problem early in his career; but thank goodness he came through it.
Now that you mention it, i remember him talking about the drug problem during an interview.  you're right, it's very fortunate that he came through it.  nice talking to you about this living legend.
Do you like The Rolling Stones music?
I don't really listen to it anymore but I did at one point so yes.
Do you remember what year Satisfaction came out?
That's tough maybe in 1965.
That sounds about right.
Why do you ask?
I was just trying to figure it out.
What's your favorite song of theirs?
Paint it black.
I like that one too.
How about you?
Actually Satisfaction is my favorite.
Yeah, it's a good one.
I wonder if there music will last another fifty years?
I think so that kind of music doesn't ever go out of style.
Not with everyone at least.
Did you like Honky Tonk Women?
I did but I can't remember the words very well.
I liked it too and I have the same problem.
Glad i'm not alone.
Do you like new country music?
Do you mean the stuff that sounds like hip hop?
Yes.
I do like it.
I like it as well, it is too bad people bash it frequently.
It is too bad.
What newer band do you like?
Florida Georgia Line.
Yes, they are great.
People make fun of them but I like their sound.
I like their sound as well, they are upbeat and fun to listen to.
I agree.
What is your favorite song?
Cruise.
That is my favorite as well.
Have you ever heard the remake.
The one featuring Nelly?
Yup that is the one.
Yes.  I like that version.
It is a neat mix of sounds between the rapper and country group.
Do you remember the song from Ghostbusters?
Yeah, the Ghostbusters song?  What's the name of it?
I actually think the name of it is GhostBusters.
Well, that makes sense.
Who released the song?
I think the guy's name was Ray Parker, Jr.
Was he an actor in the movie?
I think he had acted before but not in the movie.
Oh, that always confused me.
Probably because one of the characters was named Ray.
Oh, that makes sense.
Did you know that he was sued for the song?
Really, why?
Huey Lewis said that it sounded too much like one of his songs.
What was the name of the song?
I don't remember, but I think it was something like "I've Got a New Drug."
I think I've heard that.
Do you think it sounded like Ghostbusters?
I never did, but now that you say this, maybe.
So, that's a no.
What do you think about Justin Bieber?
I don't really care for him, but I don't really care about him at all.
Do you think he is overrated?
I don't know.  I'm not a fan, but I don't think he's horrible.
You think he actually has talent.
I think he does, but he has a crappy attitude.
At least we are on the same wavelenghth on that.
Yeah, he just needs to grow up.
How old is he now?
I'm guessing he has to be in his mid-twenties.
See?  And the guy still acts like a little kid.
Yeah, it's a shame because I think he does have a bit of talent.
Do you think he'd ever be able to get farther than he is in the business?
If he starts taking it seriously, then yeah.  There's a lot of twenty five year olds that decide to grow up and get real.
I don't know.  He doesn't seem like that kind of guy.
I agree with you.
It seems all he likes to do is party.
He really needs to diversify.
What do you mean?
Well, he needs to be more businesslike and invest and play smart.  His fans aren't going to love him forever.
Are you going to the Rascal Flatts concert?
Yes, I just bought a cute outfit for the occasion.
What's your favorite song of theirs?
"My Wish" without a doubt.
Why's that?
We sang it at my high school graduation.
That's such a perfect song for that occasion.
What song did they sing at your graduation?
I can't even remember to be honest.
How can you not remember what your graduation song was?
It might have been "In My Life" by The Beatles.
That's another great pick for your graduation.
Really? I wasn't super impressed.
Yes because it's not like a super stereotypical option but it still works.
What would you consider a stereotypical graduation song?
"Friends Forever" by Vitamin C.
Oh, true. I didn't even think of that.
Yeah, I think it was definitely written for some time of graduation.
Probably. I remember listening to it the day after graduation and just crying.
Same here! And music never makes me cry!
Can we just say modern music is bad
No
Why
Because that is generalizing
And?
That is bad
How is it bad
Do you not get how
No
Because not all modern music is bad
But to me it is
Well you are wrong
But how can i be wrong
Because you just are
I might be right
No because you are not looking hard enough
How so
Look for underground music
Underground?
Yeah you know lesser known
Have you ever heard of the Monkees?
Sure I have. They're animals that say "oo oo, ah ah!"
Uh, no. The musical group the Monkees.
No. Who are they?
They're basically like the American version of the Beatles.
Really? How so?
Well, they did similar music.
Oh. Like what?
"I'm a Believer" is one song.
I know that one!
The most interesting thing is how they got together as a band.
Were they friends?
No. They weren't friends.
How did it happen, then?
They were put together for a TV show.
Really? Like the current "Boy Band?"
No, it was a fictional show. A comedy.
This sounds really interesting!
You should check them out, their CDs and show, The Monkees. Another popular song of theirs is "Last Train to Clarksville."
I definitely will look into this more. This sounds like it could be a lot of fun.
Do you like Twenty One Pilots?
Yes! I love TOP.
Cool, what's your favorite song?
I love Car Radio.
That's off of Vessel.
Yes. What is your favorite song?
I really like trees.
Why?
The melody speaks to me.
Isn't trees religous?
A lot of their songs have deep religious meanings.
I didn't know you were religious.
I'm not.
Then why do you listen to their music?
Most of the religious stuff is secondar to the meanings I impart from it.
I really see a lot of religion in their music.
I do as well, but I relate more to the themes of depression and loss, and staying strong.
I really connect to the music.
So do I.
It's easy to connect to.
I have recently started to work out and I am making a music playlist.
What songs are you puttinf on it?
I only have 2 picked out so far.
What is the first one?
The first one I chose was Fighter.
Who sings that song again?
Christina Auguleria.
She is a good singer.
I agree I chose that song because I feel like it will motivate me.
What is the second song you chose?
The second song is Yeah Boy.
Who sings that song?
Kelsea Ballerini.
Thats a good choice it is really up beat.
What other songs should I choose?
What about survivor?
I don't know that song, who sings it.
Destiny's Child sings it.
Is it up beat and motivating?
Yes it sure is.
I went to a Kehlani concert last week, it was great.
Who is Kehlani again?
She's a singer.
What has she done?
Her album came out this year, and she had another before that I think.
Oh cool, are there any songs I would know?
Her album You Should Be Here has a song with Chance the Rapper.
Oh yeah, The Way! I remember that one.
Yeah it's super good still.
Cool, what else should I listen to of hers?
Well her new record is called Sweet Sexy Savage and there are a bunch of good songs.
Give me your favorites.
Probably Distraction, Undercover, and CRZY.
Okay, I'll definitely look those up later.
Yeah, it's all on Spotify.
Perfect.
CRZY was the last song she played at the show and she brought a bunch of little kids onstage to dance with her.
That's so cute!
Yeah, some were super into it and others just stood there.
That's so funny, I'll look it up.
Man we slost some good musicians in our lifetime.
I know right.
I'm sitting here listening to Barry White on The Secret Garden.
Awe man, that thing is fire. Quincy Jones outdid himself when he put that together.
He had Debarge on there, Al B Sure, James Ingrahm.
That's one of my favorite slow jams.
I like that and I like some of Gerald Levert's music.
Another one gone too soon.
Man I remember when Gerald hooked up with Keith Sweat and Johnny Gill.
You talking about LSG. That jam they had, what was the name of that jam?
My Body All Over Your Body. Pure Fire.
That was the first time three huge solo artists had hooked up to form a group.
It worked. They had a few hits.
I know right. Then you had Tyrese, Genuine, and Tank trying to form a big-3.
Yeah, they didn't last. And they songs were corny.
Tank didn't need them two. He blew up after that trio broke up.
I like that joint You're My Star.
He had a whole tour off of that album that year. What was the name of that album?
Stronger.
Yeah that's it.
Do you remember Jason Mraz?
I love him man. I have almost all of his records.
Well I think he is going to launch some new stuff soon. He is posting a bunch of new videos on YouTube.
That's awesome I have to see them!
Wait, but they're not videos of new songs; it is just him talking and making jokes.
Oh, so you are just guessing that he will came with something new soom?
Yes. Because I follow him on YouTube and he hadn't posted anything in a while and now he is trying to get viewers all of a sudden.
Well I do hope you are right.
Me too. I want to hear some new things by him.
He is a one of a kind musician. His style is so fresh.
Yes. Few can do it like him.
But you know, I think I liked him better in his older albums.
Me too. Meaning until "We sing. We Dance. We Steal Things".
Absolutely. Even the next album, "Love Is A Four Letter Word" had a couple of very good songs, but the best were in the previous ones.
He was a bit more loose and upbeat.
Exactly. I loved when he put tons of words into a single verse and just gave the whole thing an awesome style.
I loved that too. Now a days he is a bit more mellow.
Yeah. Still an unbelievable artist though.
No doubt about it. We'll have to keep our eyes open for any bit of new music from him.
Absolutely. Let me know as soon as you hear something.
You know which band I really miss?
Which one?
The Wallflowers.
They had some good diddies.
That one song they did that was pretty popular is my favorite.
One Headlight?
Yeah.
That was an awesome song.
I can't really remeber any of the others.
One hit wonders.
So many bands like that.
Like Right Said Fred.
What did he do.
I'm too sexy.
"For my shirt."
"For my car."
"Too Sexy by far"
That song was so annoying.
I remeber it was on the Encino Man sound track.
That was a cool show.
Have you ever heard of Motionless in White?
What's that, a movie?
Funny, but no. They are a band.
No, I never did.
My son is actually friends with them.
Are they popular?
Apparently, yes.
Do they sing any good songs?
They are considered a metalcore band. Some songs I heard are good.
How does your son know them?
They are actually from Pittston and Scranton.
That's cool.
We saw them last year at Warped Tour.
So they are young I guess.
In their twenties I think. Like my son.
I'll have to google them.
Devil's Night is a good song to watch the video on Youtube.
I'll look for it.
I told my son, he should have joined.
He should, he does have a good voice.
Do you know anything about Bach?
Yeah, I actually know a bunch about him. Why?
I have to do a project on him.
I would love to help you. What do you need to know?
What year was he born?
1685.
What country was he from?
Germany.
What was his most famous song?
That's a bit subjective but I would have to say "Conciertos de Brandenburgo."
I've never even heard of that.
I'm sure you would recognize it if you heard the tune of it.
Probably. I find that happens a lot to me with classical music.
I'm sure you would recognize at least some of his work. So many future songs were based off of them.
How do you know so much about Bach?
I play the piano and I've played a few of his pieces. I like to research the composers before I play the tunes so I can really play it from inside their head.
That's a really cool idea. Do a lot of people do that?
Mainly only serious musicians.
Do you really think it helps?
Oh, most definitely!
Do you like indie music?
It depends on the band there is a lot of butt rock out there that claims to be indie rock.
Surely it does depend on the quality of the artist but I like The Get Up Kids and People Under the Stairs.
Oh okay those are some fun bands that have some good hits.
I am also a huge fan of The Shins and Bright Eyes  but that is because I really grew up with those bands.
What would you say is your favorite band of all times?
I think that is an impossible question and I really can't answer it because there is just so much good music. Do you have a favorite band?
Yes I would say I have a favorite band and that would be Rise Against because they where a band I came up with.
Do you know of Tom Waits?
Yeah, he is from Pomona California and was born in 1949. I would say he is the music for the author Jack Kerouac.
Do you know of Rage Against the Machine?
Yes I do and I find them to be an amazing band that just makes me feel so cool when I am listening to them.
They are like the perfect band from Los Angeles, they also just have such a grunge like style.
Yeah totally but also it's got that metal element that I so enjoy.
Do you like death metal?
I like screamo but am more on the typical  metal side if there was a scale.
One band that I kind of hate is Maroon 5, they are the worst and on occasion they show up in my music library and I find it so frustrating.
Sure I hate them too but why don't you just delete them from your computer. Seems like a simple solution
All the music in my library is backed up so it becomes sort of impossible to delete music once in becomes a part of the library.
Well that is a problem but there is never a problem with having too much music.
Hey, what good music have you been listening to lately?
I've been listening to a lot of old Snoop Dogg.  Things like Doggystyle and Tha Doggfather.
Oh wow, those were impeccable albums!  True classics.
Yeah, I know it.  I can't believe he's been around so long.
Yeah, I thought his Death Row albums were better than his No Limit albums.
True, but don't discount what he did with No Limit!  Those were some amazing beats.
Yeah, you're right.  Especially No Limit Top Dogg.  But I still thought his older stuff had a better, more classic sound.
Well it probably had more of his unique West coast sound, the one that Dre produced.
Yeah.  Did you know he released a reggae album?
No, are you serious?
Yeah, he called himself Snoop Lion.  He became rastafarian after a trip to Jamaica.
Wow, that's fascinating.  I never heard that.
Yup!  It was called Reincarnated.
I know he released Coolaid in 2016 which was a solo album.
I never heard anything off that one.  I haven't even heard of it actually.
Yeah, and Neva Left is his newest album which was just released a few months ago.
Wow, have you heard it?
I heard a few songs off it.  I wasn't overly impressed to be honest with you.
I think Beautiful was the last new song of his I heard that I really liked.
Yeah that was a great song for sure.
Have you heard of Ariana Grande?
Who is that?
A musician.
Maybe I know some of her music, name a couple songs.
how about side to side?
Never heard of it, another?
Bang Bang?
I like that song, didn't know the artist so it's cool to finally find out.
I'm a fan of hers plus shes cute.
She is?
Yep, how about One last time?
Heard that one too.
She has some good songs and some mediocre ones.
I don't know how I never knew her name.
She kind of flies under the radar most of the time.
Guess that's why then.
Want another song.
Yes please.
Love me harder.
I love that song.
So know any good Rock Ballads?
Yep, Follow you Down.
Who did that?
Shinedown.
Oh I've heard that.  It was pretty cool.
You know what else was good?
What?
Stairway to Heaven.
Oh man.  Come on everything from Zepplin was awesome.
How about Don't Wanna Miss a Thing.
Yes!  That was one of the best songs I've ever heard.
Yeah, and he wrote that about his daughter.
You can tell he really put feeling into that.
Makes a good father daughter dance.
Yeah it does.
How about I Remember.
Oh yeah from Skid Row, great song.
One of those awesome ones that never go out of style.
Also Hinder, Lips of an Angel.
Oh yeah, I forgot about that.  Such great music.
Do you know if Nelly is still producing music?
Nelly, the rapper. Or Nelly Furtado, the female artist?
Nelly, the rapper dude.
Oh, I'm not sure. I haven't heard anything from him recently.
I'm sure he still is even though he doesn't seem to be very popular.
I only remember a few of his songs from the early 2000s.
Which ones stick out in your mind?
Oh, I don't know. E.I. and Hot in Here.
Yeah, those were some of his more popular songs.
I don't know too many of his songs besides that. His music just screams early 2000s.
That's why I was asking. It seems as if he hasn't had any major hits since the early 2000s.
I don't think he has either. I was really confused when Nellie Furtado came on the scene.
How so?
I heard the name Nellie Furtado being thrown around and had no idea she was a female singer and was different from Nelly the rapper.
So you thought that Nelly just changed his stage name to Nellie Furtado?
Yes, that's exactly what I thought. Kind of like some other artists.
Sort of like Puff Daddy changing his name to P-Diddy?
Yes, just like that.
Always weird when artists do that. Sometimes it seems as if it is just a marketing scheme to sell more records.
Can't blame them though. It's a brutal business out there to sell hits and make a living.
Remember when we used to be obsessed with Disney music?
Remember when?! I still am!
What's your favorite Disney song to sing in the shower?
"You've Got a Friend in Me" from Toy Story.
Aw, that's such a cute song.
What's your favorite Disney song to sing in the shower?
"Colors of the Wind" from Pocahontas.
Good choice! I think I'd rather sing "Strangers Like Me" from Tarzan!
Ooh, that's another good one!
There's just so many great songs put out by Disney.
Right? "Part of Your World" is another great song! I think it's from The Little Mermaid.
I used to sing that to my little brother to get him to go to sleep all the time.
It does have a rather soothing feel to it.
I used to also sing "You'll be In My Heart" from Tarzan to him too.
That's adorable. That's a very heartfelt song.
It really is! So is "Go the Distance" from Hercules.
I'm not familiar with that one.
Really? You should go listen to it. It's pretty motivational.
I'll have to go check it out.
Make sure you do!
Do you like the Beach Boys?
Sometimes I like to listen to that kind of music when I'm in a certain mood.
It can be uplifting can't it ?
Yes it is kind of simple feel good music.
Are they still playing?
A couple of the original members died.
Oh so they quit after that?
No, I think they had a couple of front members step in.
I don't think they tour much anymore even with the front members.
Brian Wilson was the lead singer right?
Yes, along with the other original members who were Brian's brothers Dennis and Carl, Mike Love, and Al Jardine.
Didn't know they were brothers in the band.
They are a top selling band of all time believe it or not?
Really?
They had 36 Top 40 hits in their time.
That's really impressive.
I still like Good Vibrations and California Girls.
Good Vibrations was actually inspired by their encounter with Eastern Mysticism.
Really? Didn't know that.
They went to see the same guru the Beetles did in India.
Do you listen to edm?
Is that a band?
No, electronic dance music.
Oh, you mean the kind of thing they play at raves and whatnot?
Yup.
Not really but Im not that familiar with it.
I used to be unfamiliar but I've been listening to it more recently and its growing on me.
Really, are you going to clubs or something?
Not really, but that's what kicked off my listening to it more.
So you heard it at a club and liked it and decided to explore it more on your own?
Yup.  And its better than I thought.
Do you listen to, what are they bands or djs or?
Its a bit of both as far as I can tell.
What's the difference?
Im not totally sure yet in terms of the music.  I think DJs are more the live stuff that combines and mixes music made by others.
Maybe we should go to a club together.  I wouldnt  mind learning more about edm.
Sure man, any time.
This weekend I saw there is some big DJ playing t this club downtown.
Well I'm game.  Get the details and we'll go.
Will do.  EDM here I come.
When do you listen to music?
I like to listen to music when I am studying or doing work. How about you?
I mostly only listen to music when I am doing exercise.
What music do you listen to during exercise?
I like techno or house music while I workout.
Is there a song that makes you emotional?
Yeah most tangos and spanish songs make me emotional.
Do you sometimes feel like dancing when you hear music? Under what circumstances do you dance?
When I listen to spanish music especially salsa I like to dance.
When was the last time you went to a discotheque? How often do you go?
I do not go to the disco's often, I prefer to listen to music at home.
Do you ever go out to listen to music live? When was the last time you went to a concert/gig?
I do like to go to concerts live. The last one I went to was in London last month to go see Guns N Roses.
Have you ever been to an outdoor concert?
The one in London was outdoors and it was very cold and rainy unfortunately.
Do you download music for free from the internet? What do you think of the morality of this?
I do not and think it is morally wrong to illegally download music. How about you?
I agree that it is wrong, especially when you can stream most music for only 10 dollars a month.
With the increasing rise of downloading from the internet, what do you think the future of the music industry is?
I think artists are going to have to sign with more streaming services rather than keep having their music downloaded for free.
What songs did you like growing up?
I liked rock and roll like the Beatles.
They have incredible music.
They were top talent.
What's your favorite Beatle's song?
I love the song Hey Jude.
That is inspirational.
What is your favorite?
My favorite Beatle's song has to be, "I Wanna Hold Your Hand."
That is one of my favorite's too.
I think I love all their music.
Me too.
What other music do you like?
I like classical as well.
Do you like Beethoven?
Yeah, mostly Beethoven and Bach.
They are different from the Beatles, but incredible as well.
It takes such artistry to sing and compose music.
I wish I were musical.
Yeah, me too.
Who is your favorite female singer?
I'm not sure I have one.
You have to have one, everyone does.
Well, if I had to choose a current one, I guess it would be Ariana Grande.
Oh. I never listen to her.
Well, I rarely do, but you wanted my favorite.
What about Taylor Swift?
I like her, too. But I still rarely listen to female singers.
Taylor Swift, Ariana, and Selena Gomez. Are they the most popular now?
Taylor and Ariana definitely are. Not Selena.
Who would be more popular?
Katy Perry and Beyonce.
I completely forgot about those two.
Yeah, they have a cult-like following.
Well, most celebrities do.
Not like Beyonce.
That's true. Her fans are more than obsessive.
Yes, but she is very entertaining and seems nice.
Yeah. She's also been around forever.
Yupp. Back since Destinys Child
Have you been following the whole Nicki Minaj, Remy Ma confrontation?
Yes I have,  It seems like it had got pretty serious.
Some of the things said were a little too personal.
I saw that Nicki Minaj had said something about Remy Ma leaving her son.
I heard that too. Things like that have led to violence in the past.
I just hope that they learned a lesson from the whole Notorious Big, Tupac fight.
I know that was a tragedy that should've been avoided. In the end everyone lost by the passing of both icons.
It's so sad and sometimes people like to start confrontation because it sells records.
Drama is the number one most marketed product in America media.
Yes, but once famous people have drama it bleeds down to their followers who are more prone to take action.
I think thats what happened in the Notorious Big, Tupac feud.
It makes no sense to be so powerful and still fall victime to such pettiness.
Hip hop artist of their stature need to be better role model for the fans who idolize them.
I agree.  They have more influence on our children than we do at a certain age.
I love hip hop, but I'm in no way a fan of glorifying violence and ignorance.
I hear you. Either Nicki or Remy needs to be the bigger person and stop the feud.
I don't think it was smart for Nicki to start with Remy in the first place. Remy just got out of prison.
She allegedly shot another female, am I right?
Yes. I don't remember what it was over, but Nick doesn't have a status like that.
Yeah, she needs to be smart and not try to be someone who she isn't.
I can't stand Kanye.
Can anybody?
Some can, the guy has sold millions of records.
Not me.  His music is garbage.
I actually think his early stuff was okay before he became well-known.
Ah, the old sellout argument.
Just an observation, not an argument.
I don't think he's ever been good.
Depending on who you ask, that could change.
I think he's sold records out of controversy than anything.
You mean like the Taylor Swift thing?
Right, stuff like that.
He's always made a living by staying in the headlines.
Whether or not it's bad.
I mean, why else would you marry Kim?
All about the infamy, man.
I couldn't even name any of his recent songs.
They all run together, self-serving, boring.
You probably won't be joining his fan club I take it.
Of course not!
What's your favorite music genre?
I don''t really listen to music
Oh, really?
Yea, it's kinda boring
Why's that?
I dont know. I guess I just stopped listening to it after I had kids.
Oh I see.  Yea kids change things at times.
Yea, but I used to listen to classic rock
Like Zeppelin?
Yea!  They used to be awesome!
I agree!  I find that they were totally awesome back in the day1
Yea, or Ozzy!
Ozzy was and still IS the man!
Like Crazy Train!
I used to listen to that song while I worked out
Me too!
Or when I had my friends over we'd all jam to it
Good times!
Couldn't agree more
Hey, let's put some on!
Did you hear about Jimmy Fallon and Milley Cyrus?
No, what did they do?
They performed an unexpected live concert in the craziest place.
Where did they perform at?
Miley and Fallon sang live in a New York Subway station.
Where there a lot of people?
When they first started singing, they were in disguise, yet there were still a lot of people standing around.
Did the crowd know it was Jimmy and Miley at first.
The crowd didn't know it was them at first.
When did the crowd find out who was singing?
After singing the first, they took off their disguises.
What song did they sing first?
They sang a great version of Jolene.
When did they take off their costumes?
After the first song, they took off the wigs and sang one of Mileys famous songs.
What song did she sing?
Miley and Jimmy sang Party in the USA.
How did the crowd react?
The crowd went wild and sang allong to the party in the subway!
I bet that was awesome and fun!
Have you listened to the new Katy Perry album?
No, I haven't yet. What's the name of the title?
It's called "Witness."
What's the first single from the album?
Her first single was called "Chained to the Rhythm."
Is it any good?
To be honest, I like her older music better.
What's your favorite Katy Perry single?
There are a number of sappy good ones, but I would have to go with "Firework" as my favorite.
Are there other musicians that sound like her?
At the risk of sounding old, I think that a lot of artists sound the same today. But you can't talk about Katy Perry without mentioning her supposed rival, Taylor Swift.
Really? Doesn't she sing country music?
She started in country, but her music always had a poppy feel to it. A couple of years ago she went ahead and crossed over to pop music.
Has she been successful?
Very much so! She seems to be taking the mantle of pop princess.
Why are they rivals?
It's kind of complicated and silly, but apparently revolves around a backup dancer.
Does Taylor Swift have any good singles since going pop?
It seems like every single she releases is a hit, but her single "Shake it Off" was pretty big.
Wow, I heard a cover of that song by the band Screaming Females for the Onion's AV Club!
Are you a fan of Justin Bieber's songs and music?
I wasn't before when he first started out, but I have started liking some of his recent music.
Which songs do you like in particular?
I really liked the song Sorry that he released in 2015, I thought it was quite catchy.
Do you know the name of the album it belonged to?
I think it was Purpose, if I recall correctly.
Did you go see him live in concert last year?
No, I did not get a chance to as he did not perform in my town.
Has he collaborated with other artists?
Yes, he recently collaborated with DJ Khaled for the famous song, You're the one.
Who else sang that song with Justin Bieber?
I think it was Chance the Rapper and Quavo.
Is Justin Bieber good at playing any instruments?
I believe he plays the guitar. I have seen him play it while singing.
Which country is Justin Bieber from?
He is Canadian, but now has settled in the U.S. for his music career.
Does he do a lot of concerts and tours in the U.S.?
He has concerts not only in the U.S. but he also performs in Asia and Europe.
What other song of his do you like?
I liked a few from his last album Purpose.
Who are your  favorite  pop artists of all time?
Oh man that's tough, can it be from anywhere in the world?
Yes, anywhere.
Ok then, number one is Mflow. I love all their songs.
Nice choice, I like them too.
Next would be Taylor Swift. She's had so many hits.
Another good choice, I was just listening to her last night.
Then I choose Michael Jackson, if we are allowed to choose dead people.
Yea dead people still cound.
Ok, then I would have to say Rhianna, she's killing the game right now.
Yea, Rhianna is amazing.
After Rhianna, I choose Justin Timberlake.
Yea I wish he would make more music, all his songs are great.
Yea, I guess he's busy with his family and movies and what not.
Ok, who's next?
Next I choose Justin Beiber, while he is annoying, his music has been on point lately.
Fair enough, but I hate Justin Beiber.
Yea, well I'm running low on people to choose from.
What about Madonna?
I was just going to say Madonna.
Do you know what year did the Beatles form their band?
Well, I think it was way back in 1960. They formed their band in Liverpool, U.K.
Did they sing mainly Pop songs or some other genre?
Their genre was definitely not Pop, it was more close to Rock.
Which is your favorite song of the Beatles?
Wow, I have so many favorites. But my all time favorite is probably Strawberry Fields.
Does Bill Joel sing Rock songs too?
Yes, he sings Rock and Pop. He is indeed a very talented vocalist.
What year did his popular song, We didn't start the fire release?
I think it was back in 1989. I still remember buying the CD after it was released.
Does Bill Joel still perform live?
Yes, absolutely! He is going to perform in Chicago and Cleveland in July.
Who are modern day Rock singers or band? Are there many out there?
Oh, yeah, there are quite a few. Coldplay is definitely one of them.
Who is all time favorite rock band?
I really like ACDC and Deep Purple because my dad had introduced me to them when I was young.
Are you fond of rock bands like Metallica and Guns and Roses?
I like them too, but not a big fan of hard rock as much as Classic Rock.
Was Stevie Nicks part of a band or did she perform solo?
Well, she belonged to Fleetwood Mac but she also sang solo songs.
What do you think about Radiohead?
They are one of those bands that I can't decide on.
That's odd, what do you mean?
Well sometimes I hear a song by them and I like it, then other songs I'm not too thrilled by.
Hmmm I wonder what the common element you are not liking is.
Well for one thing I'm not a fan of the singing.
Ah, well yes I could see that being a problem.
But then I quite like some of their music. I really like Jonny Greenwood's film music as well.
But if you are not a fan of the singing then they are never going to be a band that you love.
I suppose that's true, all my friends are Smiths fans but I could never stand Morrissey's voice.
I'm the same way with The Doors, the music can be great but then he starts crooning his terrible lyrics and I have to switch it off.
Exactly! That was the only film I ever walked out of the cinema during, the Oliver Stone one.
Luckily I've never seen that. Then again there are singers that I'm not fond of but I got used to over the years.
Really? I can't imagine putting myself through that, sounds too much like homework.
Well you just adjust your ears over time. For example I couldn't stand Bjork when I first heard her.
Oh I get that, I enjoyed The Sugarcubes but I've found most of her solo stuff impenetrable..
You should give her solo albums another try, sometimes things are worth persevering with.
Again it sounds too much like homework, music should be fun!
Should it be fun all the time though? Think of music in horror films, that doesn't sound like much fun on its own.
Yes but I wouldn't want to listen to it on its own, leave it in the film!
Justin Bieber is the worst artist of all time.
Well, that's a strong opinion.
Not opinion, fact mind you.
So you obviously aren't a fan.
He has no musical talent, can't dance, can't do anything.
But he's obviously popular.
Only because stupid teens think he's a pretty boy.
Well, there's something else people must see in him.
No, people just don't recognize good music when they see it.
Alright, so you're obviously not a fan.  What music do you like?
It's pretty obvious that Bob Dylan is the only artist that matters.
Goodness, you're so old fashioned.
Bob Dylan is the best artist of all time.
I respectfully disagree.
He's written all the great songs.
Yet nobody could name even one or two of them.
Oh please, this is a horrible argument you're making.
You're not convincing yourself.
You could use a much better palette of music to choose from.
I could say the same as you!
Do you think that Britney Spears lip syncs her live performances?
I have heard rumors that she does, but I'm not sure what to believe. What do you think?
I'm not sure either. She's made a few statements saying she sings live, but her vocals just sound too perfect all of the time.
That's where I have my doubts. She's older now, but at live shows, her voice never wavers or hits an odd note.
Exactly. It still sounds exactly the same as when she was 15.
Do you think Is it possible that she sings along and hears her voice mixed with playback in her earpiece, and assumes that's what the audience hears?
I guess that could be it. I know her team has done some shady stuff, so maybe they're turning her mic down on her?
That would make sense, they make a lot of strange decisions for her, so it wouldn't surprise me.
She also doesn't seem to be the type of person that would go watch a playback of a performance. So if that's true, she might really not know.
There was that theory at the VMAs that she was singing live at the end which is why she switched to a hand held mic.
I remember that, she grabbed the mic, but it seemed like it was turned off. She didn't look very happy.
I wonder if maybe she lip syncs during the more intense dancing and sings live during the less intense dancing.
That was actually what made me start to question her singing live, the way she sings while she's dancing.
What do you mean?
Well, she's doing all this intense,hardcore,crazy, dancing, but her vocals never waver, not once. It just doesn't seem possible.
That's actually a really good point. I never thought of that.
In my opinion, whether she lips syncs all the time or only some of time, her true fans are going to love and support her no matter what.
Exactly. I really don't care either way, I'm still going to buy her albums and attend her concerts.
I doubt we'll ever know for certain what the truth is. As long as she's happy and putting on a good show for the audience, I guess it doesn't matter.
It definitely doesn't matter to me, I love her no matter that.
Have you heard Colton Dixon's new song?
Which one? He is one of my favorite Christian singers!
His song is called All That Matters. It really has some beautiful lyrics.
I will have to check it out. I don't think I have heard that one.
His song really speaks to my heart. I have it set to repeat on my Iphone.
I do that all the time with my favorite songs! I play them until I don't want to hear them anymore.
I know, right? I have a shower playlist too and his song is the first one on my list.
That's a good way to start the morning. You can get your mind set for the day.
Yes! His lyrics remind me that no matter what disasters come my way, God can undo them all!
That's what I am talking about. I sure love his singing...and his hair.
His hair is definitely not what I expected. It's a little wild, but I like that he is different.
Yeah, I think he appeals to a lot more people because his look and sound are so modern.
I started following him on Facebook. I'm totally not stalking him!
Did you? I will have to look him up on there. I hadn't thought about that.
Yeah, I think he just got married. I saw some pics of him and his wife with the Disney bride/groom ears.
Is she pretty?
She was actually! They looked really happy together.
Well, I guess I know what I'm fixing to do.
What's that?
I'm going to be nosy and look at his pictures on Facebook and listen to that new song.
Do you like Static X much?
I haven't really listened to them.
They're pretty heavy, but instrumental metal.
Do they sound like Slipknot?
Eh, a little heavier than that.
Hm that sounds pretty decent.
Yeah it's very upbeat and heavy.
What songs do you like by them?
I'm With Stupid is one of my favorites.
That sounds interesting.
Yeah it's really not a bad song.
What else do you like by them.
Brainfog is another good one.
Do they still tour?
Unforuntately not. The lead singer died a few years back.
How did he die?
It was a drug overdose.
That's truly a shame.
It really is. He was a talented musician.
Too many go that way unfortunately.
Hey, do you listen to 50 cent?
I've heard him a little bit but not too much.  Why do you ask?
I've been listening to him a lot lately and I think his music is great!
Isn't Eminem playing with him or something?
Eminem and Dr. Dre produced him and made him famous.
Yeah, that's what I meant.
Yeah, and he was invited to tour with Nas.
Wow, that's a big honor.  What are some of his hits?
In da Club is probably the one most people have heard.
Oh yeah, that was from the Get Rich or Die Tryin' album, right?
Yeah, and it was pretty famous!
Yeah, definitely.
But you've probably heard Candy Shop, too.  And maybe How We Do.
I've definitely heard Candy Shop.  I didn't know that was 50 Cent.
It is.  He's in some movies as well.
Yeah, I know I'd definitely seen him in some movies.
Yeah, and New Day has Dr. Dre and Alicia Keys in it.  That's one of his newer ones.
I definitely haven't heard that one yet.
Yeah, that's one to look out for.  And his newest should be released soon if it hasn't already yet.
I will look for it!
Have you heard the new Drake album?
More Life. Is that what it's called?
Yes. It's pretty good.
I'm not a huge fan of Drake.
Some people aren't. It's funny he was Lil Wayne's protege.
Right? That video was pretty funny.
The dark one in the forest? Yeah that was bad
Jeff Tweedy has a new record out this year as well.
That's not really my pace. I listen to mostly hip hop.
Any new recommendations?
Kendrick Lamar's new album Damn is spectacular.
I loved good kid maad city .
Stormzy is another good one you should check out?
Is he like Kendrick.
Not really. There is an artist named Anderson Paak who sounds like Kendrick though.
Is he as socially aware.
No. he mostly raps about parties.
Well that can be interesting to I guess
Yeah, he's a good piano player too.
I always appreciate that.
What do you think of Audioslave?
I loved them in college.
It's so sad that the lead singer died.
Chris Cornell from Soundgarden?
Yep, I loved them in the 1990's too.
Do you have any new bands you like?
I'm into the Black Keys
The lead singer Dan Aurbach produces a lot of good music from other people too.
Oh, I know. I love Valerie June
You should also check out Benjamin Booker.
Is it a similiar sound?
Sort of. It's more rock than folk though.
Leon Bridges is the best.
Yes. I love his voice.
He's like a new John Legend for me.
John's voice is amazing.
All of me is one of my favorite songs
It makes me cry every time I hear it.
You know who else is good is Ray LaMontaigne.
Oh, Jolene is such a good song
Who do you think led the emo movement?
In what era?
Like the 90s basically towards the end.
I would say The Promise Ring.
I could agree with that, which album?
Very Emergency was the one that did it for me.
I loved that album!
I think it introduced the emotional side of the genre.
Yeah wasnt it more punk at the time?
Yes it was aggressive in nature for the most part.
Do they still make music?
No I think they just go ahead and tour every once in awhile.
What state are they from?
Wisconsin I believe.
They were very basic sounding
Yeah it was but that was the appeal of the genre.
And then it changed into bands like My Chemical Romance.
No I think that was when it got commercialized
So people put them in the wrong genre?
Yeah MCR was more rock
If you were going to recommend one British rapper, who'd it be?
Tough question. Everyone is going big for Stormzy right now but the underground is where it's at.
Too many of these rappers go big and lose their authenticity right?
Bang on. Have a listen to Mic Righteous, Dreamland is a great album.
I hear good things about English Frank too.
Yeah, I heard he's retired now but you can still find his stuff online.
So take me back to Mic Righteous and what makes him real.
Well, he's the son of a drug addict immigrant Dad and a mother who abandoned the family.
I guess that comes out in his lyrics.
Too right. His brother became a boxing champion too and there's a bit of envy in there as well.
So is it aspirational? Angry?
A bit of both. He's got the self-awareness but also the anger of all the best rappers.
And the beats?
Always great. A lot of it is produced by Preston Play.
I need to give it a listen don't I. Recommend me some tracks.
Any of his Fire in the Booth videos are a good starting point, and from there just follow the links.
Anything I can read that'll tell me more of his story?
It's all in the lyrics. Check out his 3rd Degree video, the track Gone as well.
I'll be rapping myself before you know, by this time next year it'll be me that'll blow!
Yeah right, I don't believe that. Listen man, your bars are whack!
Hey Dave, do you know where my ipod is?
I think its in the drawer in the kitchen
Thanks, thats right where is was
Are you going for your walk?
Yes, I need some good walking music, the ones I have on my playlist dont motivate me anymore
I have a good one for you, "what have you done today to make you feel proud", by Heather small
Can you pull it up on youtube so I can hear it?
Sure, here you go
Oh thats great, I love it, I havent heard that one
You should get black eyes peas, "lets get it started" and "I would walk 5000 miles
You knwo me so well, I love both, keep them coming
How about, Im walking on sunshine by Katrina and the Waves
yes, I love it
Those should get you started
I feel like this is going to be a great walk
I also love a good boy band
I know you do, you always have
Boys 2 men and nsync are my favorites
I like backstreet boys
oh me too
Man Mustaine has fallen
How do you mean that
Have you not seen media and stuff
What media
The stuff he is saying
Like?
Just out their ridiculous nonsense
Like
Well says he brought back the solo
What
Yeah you get me
The guitar solo went nowhere
I know its dumb
That is more than dumb
Hm?
It sounds like an ego complex
It might be that too
I am sure it is that
Probably
Yep it is
Hey
Hi, do you like country music?
I love country music
Awesome
Do you?
Yes i do too
Great
Do you like lee brice?
Yes
I like that song he does
Which one?
Drinking class
Thats a good one
Yes it is
He is very talented
Yes he is
Do you have his album
No
Oh okay
I want it though
Did the 80's have good bands?
Yes
Who came out of the 80's?
I think Iron Maiden came out then
Were they good?
Yes
What genre are they?
Metal
I love Fear of the Dark
What year was that?
1992
So you do know them?
Yes, I had to search my mind. But, I found them
Do you like metal?
Yes and Maiden is one of the best
I agree
Do you like contemporary rock?
Not really
It doesn't have much soul
Yes. The older stuff has a lot of heart
Do you like The Used?
I cant recall who they are.
They are led by Bert McCracken.
Oh ok the mormon band?
They might be from Utah but I doubt they are mormon.
OK what was the slower song they had that kind of got big?
It was called Blue and Yellow
OK yeah I loved that song!
At the time, the lyrics were awesome.
What was the name of their first album?
Taste of Ink is what you are thinking of.
I thought that was their first single.
Yeah maybe it was self titled.
Either way, the song was great.
Yeah the lead singer used to date Kelly Osbourne.
Did he use that to get his band fame?
No they wrote a solid debut album.
The follow up wasnt bad but nowhere near as good.
Some bands cant outlast their debuts
They are a perfect case of that example
Who do you think is the greatest guitarist of all time?
I know a lot of people say Jimi Hendrix, but I'm gonna go with Jimmy Page.
Really?
Yeah.  There's no doubt in my mind at all that Jimi is great, but Led Zeppelin overall was a better band than the Experience.
So you think Page's guitar playing was better because the band he was in was better?
Well...yeah.  The songs were much better, and in the end, that's what it's all about.
What other guitar players do you like?
Slash, Dave Gilmour, Stevie Ray Vaughn.
All legendary.  I'm more a lead singer fan.
Who are your favorite lead singers?
Robert Plant, Mick Jagger, David Lee Roth.
You like Van Halen?
Yeah, I love Van Halen.  You don't?
I think they're ok, but I never got into their music.  It all sounded like commercial jingles.
Well, they did do that Clear Pepsi ad, so that's valid.
Since we both really like Led Zeppelin, did you know that Great White did an album of all Led Zeppelin covers?
Great White?
Yeah, they did Once Bitten Twice Shy.
Haha, was the album any good?
Yeah, it was really good, and I liked that they admired Zeppelin so much, that they put the album out.  Their cover of D'yer Mak'er is really good.
What kind of music do you listen to?
Nothing on the radio really, mainly alternative and J-pop or J-rock.
Oh, I know a couple of those!
Oh, really? What ones?
Do you listen to UVERworld? They were pretty popular for a while.
Yeah, I do! I really like them.
Cool, I haven't heard anything new from them in a while though, have you?
No, I don't think so. They had a new single like 6 months ago, but that was it.
Aw, thats a shame. What other bands do you like?
Um, I like Sawano Hiroyuki's vocal stuff a lot.
Who is that?
Someone that does soundtracks for shows, but does a lot of normal rock/pop songs in those soundtracks. Those are amazing.
Oh, thats interesting. Anyone else?
My favorite band was School Food Punishment, but they broke up several years ago.
Oh no! Thats the worst when that happens.
For real, I couldn't even listen to their music for a while after cause it was too sad.
Are you finally able to listen to them again?
Yeah, haha. I haven't listened to them a lot though, I should go back through all their songs again sometime.
Maybe we can listen to some together! I want to know what they sound like now.
Okay, that sounds fun!
Hi.
Hey.
What kind of music do you enjoy?
I really like Oldies.
What do you mean?
Like music from the 50's and 60's.
Oh okay I see.
Like Do wop, motown that kind of stuff.
I do love stuff from motown.
It's that motown sound.
Yes exactly.
I love it.
Who are some of your favorite motown stars?
I love Stevie Wonder and Marvin Gaye.
Man you can't get much better than that.
Yeah I know right.
I like 90's music quite a bit.
What are some of your favorite bands?
Nirvana and Pearl Jam.
Cool.
Have you heard that the Gaslight Anthem went on hiatus?
I did, I hope that they make more music.
I do too, but I hope that it is more like their first album.
I agree, that one was probably their best work.
Did you see that Pearl Jam was inducted in the rock and roll hall of fame?
Yes, they deserve it, they have so many good albums.
Right? And they have been together for almost 30 years.
I know and the music that they are still putting out is still good.
Did you see that Gene Simmons is trying to trademark the devil horns sign?
I did not see that, but I am not surprised, Gene Simmons will try and make a dollar anyway he can.
Yea, he is a lunatic.
And kiss makes terrible music.
Yea, it is so generic and underwhelming.
And their fans are insane.
I hope that he loses his claim and it costs him a lot of money.
Me too, that would hurt him most, losing money.
I just wish Kiss would stop making music.
Me too, they have said that they were going to stop several times, I wish that they would.
Yeah, it is getting pretty sad at this point.
It has kind of always been sad.
Hey, what's your favorite song of all time?
Gosh, what a hard choice!  There are so many good ones.
Yeah, it's hard to pick.  I think mine would be The Righteous Brothers, Unchained Melody.
Oh that's a beautiful song!  I love that one too.
Yeah, it almost brings me to tears when I hear it.
Wasn't it in that movie Ghost?
Yeah it was.
Did they ever have any other famous songs?
Yeah, they did but nothing that was as successful as that one.
What was some of their other music?
Well You've Lost That Loving Feeling would probably be the one you've heard of.
Oh yeah, that one is amazing too.
Yeah.  They were a duo, although initially they were in a band called the Paramours.
I think I've heard of that band.
You might have.  They were from Los Angeles.
I'm sure they had a great sound, too.
Yeah.  But Hatfield and Medley broke out and formed the Righteous Brothers.
I guess that was a good thing for them!  They sure had success with their singles.
Yeah they did.  In 2016, Medley started up another duo and is still recording.
Wow, that's hard to believe.
I am having such a depressing day!
I am sorry to hear that. I like listening to my favorite music when I am depressed.
That is a good idea actually. Maybe that would help me out.
You should give it a try! What kind of music makes you happy?
Well, I have always been a fan of Kelly Clarkson.
She is very talented! I remember watching her season of American Idol.
Yea me to; I just knew she was going to win.
Her voice really stood out. Which of her songs do you like the most?
I really like a lot of her older music for the most part.
Yea she has some really good songs that she put out years ago.
Breakaway and Because Of You are probably my favorites.
I remember those songs. I have not heard them in forever though.
Me either, I think I may pull out some of my older CD's of her.
Yea, that might be all it takes to turn your day around!
You could be right! Besides, I am pretty sure I have all of her CD's.
Have you ever heard that song Stronger from her?
Yes! That song always lifts my spirits.
Yea it is a very inspirational song actually.
Thank you so much for reminding me of it.
No problem! I hope her songs can really make you feel better!
do you like bright eyes
i liked the album with lua
that album also had first day of my life
that is such a beautiful song
apparently its about how he would feel if he was in love
so he has never been in love?
i guess not
lua is probably more relevant to his life then
yeah, that loneliness and isolation
its a sad but wistful song
its definitely kinda sad
its a beautiful mellow tune
he was inspired by elliott smith too
elliott smith is the better songwriter though
but conor oberst has better lyrics
well, conor has more metaphorical lyrics
they are heavily masked behind metaphors
sometimes its hard to know what hes talking about
elliott was more simple
maybe thats better
Have you heard of Linkin Park?
Yea! I love them! Do you like them?
Yea I do. Did you know they are going to be in Seattle in October?
What? No I didn't! Are you going to go?
Yea, I have an extra ticket, too. Do you want to go with me?
Heck yes I do. I love their new song... what's it called again?
Do you mean Heavy?
Yea! That is the one. It's so good!
Yea, it's really good. My favorite one is Battle Symphony. This new album is really quite good.
That's good to hear, their last two were sort of let downs.
Yea, it's been a few years since I've been really impressed.
I don't know if they will ever live up to Meteora.
I don't know, I really liked the remix album they did with Jay-Z..
Oh yea! That was really good too. I wonder if they play any of those songs at their concerts?
I don't know, but I would love to hear that stuff at the concert.
Do you know who is opening for them?
No I don't, but I'm pretty sure Snoop Dogg is going to be there as well.
No kidding?! What an interesting match.
It makes a little sense, maybe they will do some remixes with him?
That would be amazing!
there is this song i can't get out of my head
which one
i don't know the tittle
who is the artist?
i don't know either
how can i help you now
i think you know the some
is it a male of female artist?
a male
what genre is the song?
its in hiphop
mmmh have we ever heard it together?
yeah man you play it all the time
it is from this guy you like a lot
Drake?
yea man.
is it free smoke?
no
portland?
yea i think that is it, thanks
This album seems pretty good, despite it's instrumentals being mediocre.
I don't know, This beat seems really good to me!
Well, I researched them on some of their collabs. It appears that Green has some sort of hearing issue.
Oh really, who's Green?
He's the drum player of alt-J.
His drum skills are pretty meticulous!
Yeah, it appears despite that he can't hear, he overcame that obstacle with his drum playing!
Hmm, I might start to like this band more now!
How? What's getting you into this?
I actually used to play the drums when I was little, but stopped due to studies and other priorities.
Hmmm, maybe this can be a breakthrough for you!
Nahh, I wouldn't say for sure, I do like this music a little more now!  This is Indie-Pop, right?
Yeah! Say, about instruments, what do you think about the lead guitarist's choice of music?
Ummm, not much of a guitar fan. (shrugs)
Well, I think he played that solo at the interlude pretty well.
What the hell's an interlude?
It's sort of like a beginning, but short song to an album that introduces the mood and kind of shows what the purpose of the album is meant for.
meh, I don't care as much.
Well, let's talk about something else now, then.
Okay, how about what to buy for your girlfriend this coming Valentine's Day? Like a black full length fox fur coat? Or maybe a full length coyote or lynx fur coat?
I love Radiohead.
Radiohead is amazing. Their music and their values.
Values? I just like their music.
Yeah, back in 2007 they gave away their album In Rainbows for free online.
That's pretty cool.
It was, it was technically pay what you want, but you didn't have to pay anything at all.
In Rainbows was a good album. I preferred Ok, Computer, but it was still good.
I heard someone once say that Radiohead was for "boring nerds."
Sounds like they're a boring nerd. Music is subjective.
It really is.
I mean I love Radiohead, but I really loved their bit in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
Wait, they were in Goblet of Fire?
Two of them were! The band at the Yule ball was all real musicians including two guys from Radiohead.
That is so cool! I loved that scene. The music was pretty great.
It was! I think it made the scene so much better to have actual musicians and music written for the movie.
You know there's a whole movement called Wizard Rock?
I had no idea! I should check some of that out.
I mean, it's fun, it's not Radiohead, but it's fun.
That's fine. I like Radiohead, but I don't want to listen to them all the time.
Then let's find some Wizard music to listen to.
Do you enjoy listening to Eminem these days?
I do actually.
Why though?
Well as he's matured so have I.
His music used to be a bit childish didn't it?
Yes but that's what my teenage self needed something to connect with.
He did do that quite well.
It feels like as he's matured so have I and it feels great to have a rapper I can connect with my whole life.
At least up to this point.
Yeah good point.
I'm just happy he's still making music after all these years, so many stop or take long breaks but he really hasn't.
He's had a break or two here and there but it wasn't for long stretches and he always comes back.
Can you imagine 80 year old Eminem still rapping?
That would be awesome.
He would be rapping about his cane and them kids on his lawn.
I can picture it now.
I'm so glad he exists though, rap would be dull without him.
He carried the music genre through the years, just not sure who is going to take the torch.
I don't know if anyone can step up at this point.
I don't think so either sadly.
I always put you on to great music don't I?
Well, sometimes...
Sometimes what? When have I recommended any bad music.
I mean you do recommend some good bands but there has been a few occurence where you did not.
Well, trust me, this isn't one of those times
Are you sure?
I promise, I can't stop listening to ALT J
What singles would you suggest I listen to?
Listen to Adeline.
Are they on Tidal?
I don't have Tidal so I am not sure.
Alright I'll check later and see what they are about.
Cool. Listen toPleader too.
Alright I will.
Matter of fact, just make a playlist and listen to a bunch of their songs.
I will sometime today.
Okay, just let me know how you like them
I sure will
Bye then
Goodbye.
do you like kpop
not too much
you should give them a shot
what bands?
i like vixxx
my ex girlfriend loved vixx
what did she listen to?
chained up a lot
i like that song a lot actually
it was okay
kpop is kinda manufactured though
yeah, its just like boybands here
its all fake
they arent all friends
well, they probably are
they forced themselves to like each other
you kinda have to if you make that big money
gotta make sacrifices
you def do with everything
true
Who are the worst artists of all time?
I gotta give Limp Bizkit the nod.  Even beyond how juvenile their songs are, Fred Durst's whiny voice would ruin a brilliant song.
I don't really care for Bjork.  I used to know people who were really into her music, and I thought it was crap, and she was a nut.
What are some overrated bands, in your opinion?
Nirvana.  I like them, but people act like Kurt Cobain was such a genius because he died young.
Agreed-- Rolling Stone said he was the artist of the decade a while back, and I was thinking not even close.
Yeah, they had a few catchy songs.  It'd be like saying the guy from Dexy's Midnight Runners was artist of the decade for the 80s.
Come On Eileen is better than Nirvana's entire catalogue.
You can't trust Rolling Stone at all-- they have no credibility.
Yeah, I remember they called R. Kelly a genius for his awful Trapped in the Closet series.
When they lost all credibility with me was when they claimed Jack White was a better guitarist than Dave Gilmour.
Pink Floyd is a legendary band.  Jack White is a guy who people think may've married his sister.
Haha, yeah, but he was big at the time, so they had to toe that corporate line.
What're some other overrated bands, in your opinion?
Sublime.  Once again, I like a few songs of theirs, but not as good as everyone says.
I completely agree with that!  The lyrics to their songs sound like what a 12 year old would write.
I never saw the big deal about Madonna, either.  Once again, a few catchy songs, but I wouldn't pay 100s of dollars to see her in concert.
What's your guilty pleasure?  Something you listen to that you'd rather others not know about?
I don't really care what people think of my music tastes, but I'd say Tahiti 80-- this French pop band.
Haha, for me, it's George Michael.
hey! its comparison Wednesday!
what does that mean?
its the day we compare two artists
i don't remember anything about this
we did this last Wednesday, ah never mind, who do you think is a better artist between 2-Pac and Drake
you did not just compare those two
yeah i just did, i need your opinion
you wanna know what my opinion is?
yes man bring it on
you can't just simply compare the two
why?
they're from two different generations
so again, whose better
2-Pac was king during his time Drake is soo talented
you haven't really given me a clear distinction
i'll go with 2-pac man, he was king,still is
even after listening to more life?
okay, i think Drake is talented musically
so drake?
yeah, drake it is
Have you ever been to see a symphony concert?
Yes, I saw the El Paso Symphony once when I was visiting my grandparents.
Did you like it?
I guess so. I don't really remember what they played.
I really enjoy symphonic music but my favorite kind of music is the music that they use to accompany a movie.
That's called a soundtrack isn't it?
Yes it is. John Williams is a famous composer of sountracks. Have you heard of him?
Of course! He wrote the music score for Star Wars.
That and a lot of other film scores. I like Raiders of the Lost Ark soundtrack the best.
I didn't realize he wrote that. What else did he write?
Let's see, he did E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Empire of the Sun, Jurassic Park, Saving Private Ryan, and even Haryy Potter.
Holy Cow! That guy is really amazing. I know a lot of his music even though I didn't realize he wrote it.
I just heard that they released a three-disk boxed set of all the musical scores that John Williams did with Steven Spielberg.
I'm going to ask for that for my birthday! Does he ever play the music he writes?
I think he plays the piano so I suppose he does.
I bet it doesn't sound the same on a piano.
I'm sure it doesn't, but he also conducts the musicians that play his music in the studio.
How do you know so much about John Williams?
I wanted to be a studio musician and play movie soundtracks and he is the best there is in the business.
Well I hope you get to work with him some day.
Do you remember Dr Dre?
Who couldn't.
I still remember N.W.A. they revolutionized rap.
They did, everything they did pushed rap into the mainstream and made it more accessible to that generation.
It was a hard time for them they struggled with rights and what was fine and what wasn't.
I still remember the song F the police.
That was very daring for them to pull something off like that.
It was warranted though the police were out of control.
Yes they were.
I wonder what would have happened if they didn't release that song if things would have kept going the way it was.
I also like Still Dre.
He was making a statement that he was still here and not going anywhere.
Also so people wouldn't forget who he was and what he did for the genre.
He is a genius though and not just lyrically he is a very smart individual.
I couldn't agree more, he made something of himself and so many others.
I still remember I need a Doctor.
That was perfect timing for him and Eminem.
Both were struggling if I recall and this bounced both of them back and on top instantly.
Those two combined are unmatched.
I couldn't agree more you just can't top those two in the same song.
Stefani Germanotta is such a weird singer.
Wait, who?
Lady Gaga.
Whoa, her real name is Stefani?
Yeah, it's like three names long too. One of them's Joanne.
Really? I never would have guessed. I suppose that's why she shortened it.
But why to Lady Gaga, that's so weird!
I mean, you can complain all you want, but her music is fantastic.
I just find it weird that she was one of the first women to get four albums to number one.
Really? I'm not surprised. Her voice is amazing.
Honestly I never really knew she could sing until the Super Bowl.
Oh yeah, that girl's got pipes! Plus her songs are super catchy.
I think it was when she started singing Million Reasons that I was like, oh, you're not just all flash.
I super want to listen to Bad Romance now. It makes you want to dance!
That and Poker Face. Those were her first breakout songs, right?
Yep, along with Telephone.
But why does she have to be so weird? Like, meat dresses?
I don't know, but I don't think she does that as much any more.
Be weird to get fame, then be you, I guess.
Yeah. Now turn on Bad Romance! I want my 2009 dance groove on!
What kind of music did your parents listen to while you were growing up?
Why?
I'm writing a paper on how that influences musical taste.
Oh, okay. Hmm. Well, my mother was really into Jewel and Sarah McLachland
Wow. So I guess your road trips weren't so great as a kid?
Not really. My Dad was into classic rock though--The Beatles, Bob Dylan, that sort of thing.
Do you like that sort of music?
I still listen to Bob Dylan from time to time. I was happy when he won a Nobel Prize.
Okay. And what sort of things do you listen to now?
I listen to a lot of jazz. Miles Davis, Nat King Cole, that sort of thing.
That's very different from both of them!
I can't explain it.
Interesting. Well, this will be useful for my paper!
Have you asked anyone else about this yet?
A few people! They were all pretty interesting.
Which one had the weirdest response.
There was one girl who said her mom was super into Iron Maiden.
I can't imagine what that childhood must of been like.
And now she listens to ordinary pop music!
I guess she's being rebellious in her own way!
Have you heard the new fleet foxes album?
Well I have heard some of their songs on the radio
Seriously? on the radio?
Yes, SiriusXMU plays them
Well, what did you think of their new songs?
It's okay. Sounds like their old stuff.
Well that isn't a bad thing, right?
No! I loved their old records.
Maybe you just need to listen to this new album more?
Yes I think so. I listened to the old album for years.
Me, too. I saw them live as well.
Oh really? Where
At ACL. Like, 7 years ago.
How did they sounds live?
Actually really good!
Oh cool. I wonder if they'll tour again?
I hope so, and if they do, we can see them together
Sounds like a plan!
I just hope they come to Texas and the tickets aren't too expensive.
Agree.
You know how once in a while you listen to someone and expect to dislike their music because of their image?
Yeah, that happens to me sometimes. Why?
Well I just listened to Pink's album "I'm Not Dead" and I really like it.
You didn't expect to?
Whenever I think about her I get this image of a drunk rocker chick sticking her pierced tongue out at me and then puking on my shoes.
That's vivid, and kind of icky.
Right? But I listened to the album and really liked it!
What did you like about it?
I think most of it is actually her voice. I really like her voice.
What about it do you like?
It's gravelly but somehow it doesn't sound like it hurts.
Oh, the raspy kind of sound?
Yeah. Sometimes that sound in men doesn't bug me but it almost always does in women.
Most female rock singers do have smoother voices than hers.
But hers doesn't bug me. It reminds me of an old jazz singer in a spy movie.
Sultry and smokey?
Exactly! That and there's one song near the end of the album that really sold me.
What's the last song? I've heard a lot of her music but not in album order.
The One That Got Away I think is the title. It's the 11th song and it's this cool solo acoustic story-song which I loved.
I haven't heard that one, but will definitely look it up!
Have you heard of Metalica?
Yes, who hasn't?
Well to be honest you would be surprised how many people don't know about Metalica.
I think most people have heard them they just don't know it.
Yeah James Hetfield has a very distinguishable voice.
I still remember when I was kid getting my first electric guitar, the first thing I did was learn how to play fade to black.
Lars was always my favorite if I had to pick.
His drumming is amazing, I don't think there is a more well rounded rock drummer in history.
How many bands careers span decades?
Not many.
Right? Most die within 5 or 10 years if they are lucky.
Somehow Metalica has made it for years and still sells records.
I still think there is never going to be another rock group like Metalica.
Its as if that genre has died.
If a new artist could come out with the same raw and unique sound as Metalica I think they would explode.
I agree, the world is dying for some new and fresh sounds.
All of the stuff they do today is so cookie cutter and stale.
I don't even listen to the radio anymore because theres nothing on it I like.
Theres a few modern rock artists I don't mind but nothing I'm married to.
I think there will be a new band with as big of an impact as Metalica, it just can't be predicted when they will come.
When you go the gym for a good workout, what kind of music do you tend to listen to?
It kind of depends on what I am doing, to be honest.
As in if you are lifting weights or doing cardio?
Exactly. For weight training exercises, rock music really gets me into the zone.
And what about cardio? Do you preference?
For my cardio, I can do just about any type of music, as long as I enjoy what I am hearing.
Does one particular genre mesh well for you in the cardio session?
To be honest, '90's pop just has a well good ring to it that keeps me going.
That is always a good thing. Whatever works best for you!
I know you go the gym, as well. So, what about you?
I actually made a playlist on my phone specifically for my workout routine.
That sounds like a smart idea. What type of music is on your playlist?
A little bit of everything, honestly. From Country, to pop, to heavy metal.
I don't know if I could workout to Country music. That just may not do much for me.
I am not too picky with what I can workout to. Sometimes I'll even enjoy some EDM music.
Same here! Are you a Skrillex fan?
I enjoy their music, For some reason, Avenged Sevenfold just has a bit that I love, so I workout to their music quite often.
Well, they are just a great band overall!
I definitely agree with that. Sometimes I'll just take my earbuds out and listen to whatever music the gym is playing, as well.
That is a good way to discover new artists, so I applaud that idea.
I went to see Micheal Bublee in vegas last week
Oh yeah, he is very talented
He puts on an amazing show
I have heard he really looks out for his fans
He really does, he sang till 2 am, and didnt go home until every autograph was signed.
Have you ever heard a duet with him
he has quite a few, my favorite is with celine dion
They both have amazing voices
Do you like Josh groban?
He is absolutely my favorite
If anyone could sing like an angel, its him
what about Elvis
I think everyone loves Elvis
My Mom was addicted to him
My Mom loved Kenny Rodgers
We are really dating ourselves
Yes, I grew up with Crystal Gayle, kenny rogers and lorretta lynn
They are all amazing
Did you know crystal Gayle and Lorretta lynn are sisters?
wow, I sure didnt
What's the craziest concert you ever went to?
Woodstock 99. It was 3 days of crazy, but it was an awesome crazy.
What made it different and more crazy than other concerts?
The people walking around NAKED. I never saw that at any other concert.
Oh my God. I would have died laughing. Did you stare a lot?
No, I was too busy taking pictures!
Oh how funny. But- wait- wasn't that the Woodstock where they had a fire?
Yes, and it was all because of stupid Limp Bizkit.
What did they do?
He told everyone they were going to tear the place down, and then yelled for everyone to tear the place down.
And so the fans did?
The staff handed out candles to everyone for a sunset vigil, and everyone used the candles instead to start fires. But they wouldn't have done it if stupid Fred from Limp Bizkit wasn't yelling at everyone to tear the place down.
He sounds like a jerk.
Some girls supposedly were raped in the mosh pit during that set. I stayed at the back of the field because I knew that band had a reputation for violent mosh pits.
What were some of the nice things you saw?
Rage Against The Machine playing slow to calm everyone down. Flea from Red Hot Chili Peppers playing with blue hair and naked. People who were nice to other people.
What was something crazy YOU did?
The plywood wall around the event was painted with murals. At the end everyone started breaking off pieces of the plywood so they could all take home small painting sized pieces of the mural. And I took a piece too.
If you had the chance to do it again, would you?
Oh yes, because it was like a different world, and everyone felt so free, which is why they went naked, and it felt so alive and such an adventure.
Do you like the Smiths?
Maybe. Who are they?
They were an indie British band back in the 80s and 90s.
What's their music like?
They have a unique sound. It's mainly focused on the personality and voice of the singer Morrissey.
He had a great voice?
I love it, but more important was his personality which he expressed in his music.
What was that like?
Hard to describe. He was a voice for lonely misfits, I think.
That sounds depressing.
No, not at all. He also used a lot of wit and humor. And great tunes.
What about the rest of the band?
They had a great guitarist, Johnny Marr.
I love a good guitar solo.
Marr wasn't really into showy solos. He just was really good at creating a unique sound for the Smiths.
OK, what songs would you recommend?
I love This Charming Man. Hand in Glove is also really good.
What about albums?
I love The Queen is Dead, that's great.
Great, thanks!
What's your least favorite kind of music?
I don't really have a least favorite kind of music.
Really? How can you stand country?
I think country isn't the best, but I don't hate it.
What? It's so terrible all the time?
I mean there are different genres within country.
Like what?
Country pop for example. Do you hate Taylor Swift?
Not really. I like her music.
See. She is still under the umbrella of country music.
Okay I'll revise my statement. I hate old country music.
Yeah you dislike the stereotype of country music, so try listening to some before saying you hate it.
Okay, jeez.
Sorry I didn't mean to be harsh. I like country music man.
No problem. I didn't take it personally.
You should try Zac brown or Florida Georgia Line
Who are they?
Popular Country singers from this time.
I think I'll pass.
What did I just tell you?
Just listening to my favorite classical.
It's not my genre, but okay.
Haha, I know, it's not everyone's cup of tea, but really it's genius and the roots of a lot of modern music.
So what's this?
Handel's Water Music. It's been my fave for years - I can pretty much whistle the whole album.
It is pretty catchy and happy.
Yes! I love all the composers who wrote mostly major-note, happy music
Who else did stuff like that?
I'm not expert, but Haydn is another one - Mozart, Bach and Beethoven all have uplifting pieces I like.
Name some and I will listen to some YouTube videos.
Beethoven Ode to Joy, Bach Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring, anything by Haydn.
And Handel? What besudes Water Music?
The Royal Fireworks are great too and often in the same recording as Water Music.
When you say "same recording?"
Classical works are multi-part affairs. Just Google Handel St. Martin in the Fields and you will get both works. Great orchestra.
How do you know so much about this stuff.
Mmom sent me to summer music school for guitar and I took a Composers class. Dad tortured me with it as a child.
And now you love it?
Just like Brussels Sprouts and coffee - two great things you hate as a kid and love as an adult. hehe
I'll take Handel you take the Brussels Sprouts. hahaha
I love me some hip hop
I kind dislike hip hop
Why
Because the music does not gel with me
But hip hop is amazing
Its good sometimes
It always is
Only once in awhile does it sound good
man you need new taste
Nah my taste is fine
But you dissing hip hop
Nah
How are you not
Because i am not
Well i think you are
Well i dont know
Meh
Dont be like that
but you hate my favorite music
Never said i hated it
Have you heard of Lupe Fiasco?
Yes, I think so.
He's a great rapper.
What's his album title?
My favorite album is Food and Liquor.
Ok, I'm going to Google him.
Do you like rap?
I do, but old school rap.
Me too!
Do you remember Pharcyde?
She keeps on passing me by?
Yes!  I love that song.
That Whole album was rad.
I enjoyed it too.
Old school beats new school any day.
I agree.
Some old artists are coming back out!
Like who?
Jodeci, N-Sync, the list goes on!
Wow, that's really cool.
So do you know if Counting Crows are releasing a new album soon?
I really don't know but I hear that they tour a lot.
Yes, the do!  Now that you mention it, I've never seen them live.
I haven't either but it might be fun!
Maybe we should go together next time they come around?
Definitely!  What is your favorite album of theirs?
It has to be their first one, August and Everything After.
I have to agree with you on that!
Yes, it's one of those rare albums where every song is remarkable.
I know!  It has no filler!
Do you have a favorite song from it?
Yes, probably Perfect Blue Buildings.
That's a beautiful, yet sad, song.
True.  How about Anna Begins?
Another favorite!  That's such a well crafted song.
Of course, Round Here was a huge hit.
It sure was.  You may as well mention Mr. Jones while you're at it.
Of course.  I still remember the video.
It is sad that the 90's feel like the good old days right now?
Maybe!  Time moves so fast...
Do you like pop music stars.
What exactly do you mean.
Stars like Justin Bieber.
No,I'm not a fan.
You watch him live and he lip syncs his songs.
I know,I don't care for that.
I go to a live concert,I want live music,not taped.
All the pop stars seem to do that.
Well,they have to dance and run around the stage.
It's got to be a spectacle.
I want to hear music,not taped music and dancing.
I must have heard his song baby a million times.
Thought you didn't listen to him.
No but my granddaughter does.
Oh,I get it.
Give me rock and roll any day.
You got that right.
Give me the stones,the Beatles and CCR every day.
Now that's music.
And a great live show too.
Hi
Hi
Whats good
Nothing much bro
Cool cool
Yeah
I am just chilling
Bored?
Nah not to bored
Why not
I am jamming some tunes
What tunes
Slaughter to prevail
Never heard of them
They are cool
Where are they from
They are a russian band
What type of music
They are deathcore
Sounds legit
I just learned Beyonce was influenced musically by Motown's Diana Ross and the Supremes.
Everybody knew that! Did you know that the king of pop Michael Jackson was inspired by James Brown?
Just when you think you know all about music some new information shows up.
It's not new. The Beatles were influenced by a lot of Motown's musical acts.
I heard Paul McCarthy was inspired by Chuck what's his name?
Berry, who recorded "Johnny Be Good." You know who else inspired Paul?
Who? Based on his age it had to be someone from the 1950s.
Little Richard. The fifties Rock and Roll icon that had a big hit with "Good Golly Miss Molly."
He made "Lucille" too didn't he?
Yes and its still considered a Rock and Roll Classic today.
I read that Mick Jagger of the Rolling Stones loved Little Richard's music.
Did you know Black artists of  the 1950s couldn't use their pictures on their album covers?
Yeah and I heard a lot radio Djs wouldn't play their music either.
Back then you had to pay the Dj to play your records on the air.
I wonder how did musical acts survive back then?
Nowadays all you have to do is post videos on YouTube and pray people like your music.
Hey don't knock it. That's how Justin Beiber and many others got their start in the music business.
I wonder are those artists from the 1950s still getting royalty checks?
If they were being cheated then they are probably being cheated today.
That's sad. I believe there is enough money in the music business for everybody.
Do you like the Goo Goo Dolls?
Yeah, they are decent.
What song do you like of theirs?
I like Broadway the best.
Yes, Broadway is a good song.
What song do you like?
I like Iris.
I think the Goo Goo Dolls are comparable to Match Box 20.
I agree, I also think you can compare them to Third Eye Blind.
Yes, that is a good comparison.
They all have some good songs, but none of them lasted a long time.
Yea, they seem to have faded quite a bit.
Which matchbox 20 song do you like?
I like the song 3am.
That's a good one, I like if your gone.
That one is good too, what song do you like from Third Eye Blind?
I like semi charmed life.
I like how's it gonna be.
It is nice to remember old songs isn't it?
Yes I have had fun.
Whats your favorite decade for music?
I would definitely pick the 80's!
I would too although i like the 70's also.
The 70's music was amazing also but I was very young during that time.
If you had to pick a favorite band or singer who would it be?
There were so many great ones that it's tough to choose, Journey, REO, Styx, Billy Squire, .38 Special. The list goes on.
Why do you love the 80's music compared to today's music?
The 80's music was actually music. You could hear and understand the words and it had meaning.
I agree, I'm not a big fan of the music of today. It all sounds the same.
Do you have a favorite band from the 70's?
I would have to say the Bee Gee's. Classic. I love all their music.
Their Saturday Night Fever album is one of the best.
Sad that Barry is the only one left but I still love his voice.
I know what you mean. Such a legacy though.
Speaking of Saturday Night Fever. Did you ever hear the song John Travolta came out with?
Yes "Let Her In" I thought that was the best song ever when it first came out!
What I love about all that music, is that when you listen to it, your immediately brought back to a great memory.
Right? Anytime an REO Speedwagon song comes on, I'm back in my senior year in High School!
I keep hoping that music will start being music again!
I couldn't agree more.
What kind of music do you like?
I like a variety of music.
Do you ever listen to Gospel Music?
Yes, I love It!
Well have you heard this new Indie Artist named Christa Cossey?
No, Is she good?
Is she? Yes and she won Songwriter of the Year in 2016.
Wow!  That is great.  Where can I hear her music?
I found her on Number one music platform.
I will go check her out.
So did you listen to her music yet?
Yes I did and her songs are so good.
Which one did you like the best?
I loved her song "God Did".
I know that is my favorite one as well.
She has a unique style don't you think?
Yes, it is very traditional in the sense of country music.
That is what I liked as well.
I wish people would briing that style back to counrty music.
I know country music today is more rock with a tad of country thrown in.
What do you think happened to Tupac?
I think he was murdered by the police.
Really, why would they murder a rapper?
That's what I don't really know.
He had some controversial songs but nothing to crazy.
I guess that's true.
I liked him as a rapper but don't think he was one of the best.
Who do you think is the best rapper?
I would have to go with Eminem.
You think he's better than Jay-Z?
I love Jay-Z but I think Eminem is better.
Jay-z seems more like a business man than a rapper now days.
He has made a ton of money.
Jay-z use to be friends with Tupac and Biggie.
Yeah, I knew him and Biggie were pretty tight.
I don't know if they did any songs together.
I'm sure they probably have or Jay-z has atleast used Biggie's voice in a rap.
Jay-z did make it's all a dream on the Black Album.
I think Eminem has a song with Tupac.
Tupac released more songs dead than when he was alive.
Hey, what's your favorite genre of music in rock sub-categories?
That's a tough one. I'd have to say altern-rock or 90's rock.
Both are such awesome genres. I think I like nu-metal as well.
Yeah, I really liked Limp Bizkit and Linkin Park in their good years.
So did I! I have missed bands like that a lot. I can't find any new music that compares to them.
Story of The Year was okay, but still nothing compared to the early 2000's stuff.
Yeah, they're alright. I feel like after the emo era, rock music really changed.
It did, but we still have some good new groups. Have you heard of the American Authors?
No, I haven't. What songs do you recommend?
I definitely recommend their song, "Born to Run". The song is so inspiring.
What is it about?
The song is about basically being born to be free and to live your life the way you want.
I can definitely see how that is inspiring. My favorite inspirational song is, "Fast Car" by Tracy Chapman.
That's an old one but a good one at that. It is kind of sad, though.
It sure is, but it really inspires me to do what I love and just go for it.
Yeah, I can see how you would get that out of the song.
I also love the song, "Shake it Off". I know it's more pop than rock, but it's really inspiring since we were on the topic.
Oh, for sure, that is one of the most inspirational songs about being yourself.
I know Taylor Swift and Katy are having a feud lately, which team are you on?
I'm Team Taylor for sure! I love her music!
I'm going to make you a mixtape for your birthday.
Thanks! That's really thoughtful of you.
I'm going to put all the greatest birthday themed music on it.
Hmm, what is the greatest birthday music? I can't think of any, off the top of my head.
OK, you got me! There really isn't any, so you'll get other kinds of songs.
Haha, yeah, there really isn't that much great music made on the theme of 'birthdays'.
Which makes sense. Having a happy birthday isn't exactly great artistic grounds like Love or Loss or things like that.
No, it's definitely a little more trivial.
What is the greatest song or album made about the most trivial topic, in your opinion.
Ohhh, good question. Let me think a sec.
How about "Yellow Submarine" by the Beatles?
Is that even a great song, though?
A lot of people like it, I think.
Yeah, if we're going by that standard, then that Beatles song where he sings 'I am the Egg Man' is pretty goofy too.
I guess in some ways, maybe that's the hardest thing to do in music.
What?
Make a brilliant song out of the most trivial or absurd topic or subject matter.
It seems like it would be easier to just make a song that deals with something important or meaningful.
Exactly, which is why doing the opposite is so hard.
It also seems like kind of a waste of time. But whatever floats your boat!
Do you enjoy the song Desperado?
By the eagles?
Yes that is the one.
I like it. But very slow.
That is part of what makes it so great.
Maybe. I prefer eagles Life in the fast lane.
That is a good track, Very different though.
Ya desperado is more of a love song.
Exactly slow and sweet. Fast lane is like  a party anthem.
A great one!
Agreed! I also really like Take it to the limit.
You really seem to enjoy the slower love songs of theirs.
I never really thought about it, but that may be very true.
It is a very romantic song. I do enjoy it as well.
The eagles just haves many great tracks overall.
Ya. They are pretty legendary.
I was so happy when they reunited for the album Hell Freezes Over,
That was 1994 right?
Correct they had broken up in 1980 or 1981 .
I think it was 1980. Sure glad they got back together for that album too!
Hi how are you?
I'm fine, and you?
Just listening to a little Soft Rock.
Like who?
George Michael, you like him?
One of the greats.
Yeah, whats your favorite song?
I have many, but inwould have to say Careless Whisper.
Oh thats a good one. I like Teacher.
Father Figure was great too.
Yeah he was a good performer I like when he did songs with Elton John.
Oh how I remember.. they did great duets together.
Yeah those were the days.
Did you ever see him in concert?
No sadly I didn't.
I'm go I g to check him out some more.
Yes thanks for chatting
Thanks for the memories.
Look forward to hearing more of George.
Me too bye for now
Do you know of any good music right now?
I really like Chainsmokers
I have heard of that band, what do they sing?
They sing Closer, it's that really catchy song always on the radio
I know, it's always on! Sometimes too much!
Yeah, but you should check them out they have lots of good stuff
What are some other good songs?
I really like Let You Go, it's even catchier than Closer
Wow, I will be sure to check them out!
So what do you like to listen to on the radio?
I really 21 Pilots, they are my favorite as of 2 years ago!
What do they sing?
They sing Stressed Out, you've probably heard it!
How does the chorus go?
He says "My name's blurryface and I care what you think"
Oh yeah, I know it now! That song makes me want to be a kid again!
Have you seen the music video?
Nope, is it good?
Yeah, they are riding big wheels around and you get to see them play drums and guitar too
I really want to see them live but for now the music video will have to be enough!
Who is your favorite country music singer?
My favorite country music singer is Jason Aldeen.
What do you like about Jason Aldeen?
He is very talented and he is a great singer and performer.
What is your favorite Jason Aldeen song?
My favorite Jason Aldeen song is "My Kinda Party".
When did this particular song come out?
It came out I believe in 2010.
Why do you like this song the best of all of Jason Aldeen songs that are out there?
Because its a very fresh song and it sounds like modern rock.
Are there any other Jason Aldeen songs that you like?
Yes. I also like "1994" and "She's Country".
Those are very good songs and the videos are really cool.
I agree. The videos of those songs are just awesome.
What do think about the latest Jason Aldeen song?
I had a chance to listen to it the other day its really coo?
What was the award the he received a the 2016 ACM Awards?
He received the Entertainer of the Year award for the very first time in his life.
When will his latest album be released ?
From what I read, it will be released sometime at the end of  this year or early 2018.
I need to make something
Like what
I dont know
Why not
Because it is sort of daunting
How so
Well i want to participate in the music scene but
But what
It is kind of daunting to do so
I dont think it could be daunting
Well it is
Why not just start small
I want to
Then do it
Just kinda worried
Worried about what
I will make a fool of myself
No need to worry about that
Why not
Cause i said
I need to find some decent study music.
What do you consider study music?
Mostly instrumental songs, although I can also listen to foreign language music without getting distracted.
What about Rammstein?
That's already on my list. I've listened to them too much lately and need something new.
Try YouTube. There's a ton of free music on there.
But don't you get bombarded with all those ads?
Only occasionally. But for hours and hours of free playlists, it's worth it.
What sort of music do you listen to on YouTube?
I like Gregorian chants. Those are good for background music that you don't really have to pay attention to, but it's just sort of always there.
Sounds perfect! Can you send me a few links?
I could, but you could just search for study music, relaxation music, or stuff like that.
Thanks for the tip. I definitely work better with a little background noise, but nothing too distracting.
Sometimes I can tolerate lyrics when I'm studying or working. PJ Harvey can be good for that.
Ever listen to Enya?
As embarrassing as it is to admit this, yes. Yes, I do listen to Enya.
I'm sorry to say that I do, too. But only for studying.
Totally. Please don't ever tell anyone I listen to Enya.
Sure thing, right back at you. Do you like the Memory of Trees?
Yeah, but it gets annoying after a while. I often just put Boadicea on repeat, since there's really no actual words to that, just humming.
Do you have a favorite metal musician?
Of course. I'm a huge fan of Corey Taylor.
He's a singer, right? I've heard his name before.
Yeah. He performs in Slipknot and Stone Sour.
Got it. Why do you like him?
First of all, because he's very outspoken.
How do you mean?
He has a very loud opinion of just about anything, and he's not afraid to speak it.
That's admirable, I guess. Any other reason why you're a fan?
Because of his singing ability. It's amazing.
Does he have a wide range or something?
Exactly that. He can go from sounding like a maniac to sounding like an angel in a second.
I'm going to need some proof of this.
Okay. For some straight up crazy vocals, look up Eyeless by Slipknot.
That sounds uncomfortable. Okay, now what else?
For some absolutely beautiful vocals, try Snuff by Slipknot.
It's by the same band?
Yes, but it's very different from their normal stuff, and in a good way.
Okay then. I'll give them a try.
You won't be disappointed.
Do you like Metallica?
I like some of their stuff.
I think they have one super great album.
Which one is that?
It is by far their best album, Black.
It is called Black.
Yes, it is called the Black Album.
Ok thank you for the recommendation.
You should listen to it.
I will do that.
Their jams are so powerful, Enter the Sandman is fun too.
I will remember that.
Good, you will enjoy it.
It will pump me up.
Yes, you want to use this music to give you energy.
Ok I appreciate you letting me know.
Yes you will enjoy it in the right setting.
That is important.
Yes, Enjoy jamming out to their great and classic rock.
Ok thank you for telling me about it.
What's your favorite soundtrack?
I don't know. What made you ask me that?
Because I am listening to the soundtrack from Belly.
Oh yeah, that thing was hot. Which song are you listening to.
That joint Hard White with DMX and the LOX.
That's not Hard White.
I thought it was. My bad, that's not even DMX.
You listening to Tommy's Theme.
What you mean?
Tommy's Theme...that's the name of the song. It has the LOX and Made Men on their together.
Yeah, that's right. Remember big head dude Benzito?
Yeah, he's one of Made Men.
He was on Love and Hip Hop for a while.
I guess so, his rap career wasn't too tight.
But he spit fire in his verse on this track though.
Yeah he was hot but remember, that was over twenty years ago.
Yeah you right.
Play that joint with DMX and Method Man, The Grand Finale.
I listened to it already but I'll play it again for you.
Thanks. Put the phone near the speaker and turn it up a little bit.
Have you heard of System of a Down?
I've heard that they're pretty popular.
But have you listened to their music?
No, I haven't. What do they play?
They play alternative metal.
What exactly is alternative metal?
It's pretty much what it sounds like. Like what alternative rock is to rock music.
But for metal? That sounds new.
It's not all that new. They've been doing it for years.
Do you have any recommendations?
I'd highly recommend their album Toxicity. It has some of their most popular songs they've ever made.
I think I might have heard of it, actually. Did Rick Rubin produce it?
Yes he did.
Alright, so I have heard of it. I'm a fan of Rick Rubin's production discography.
Then this is a good place for you to start checking them out.
Isn't the song Chop Suey on the album?
Yes. How'd you know?
I have a friend who always listens to that songs. The album title made me remember.
Well, there's tons of good songs on the album.
I'll take your word for it.
Hey! Did you hear Megadeth was in town last night?
I didn't! Did they play a good show?
It was awesome. The guitar solos were insane.
That's crazy! Did they play songs off the new album?
Sure did. And some from Rust in peace as well.
that sounds awesome. We're any other bands there?
Yup! Meshuggah opened up for them.
I've never heard of that band.
They're from Sweden but they really know how to play.
Will Megadeth make a new album?
They just came out with one so I'm not sure.
I liked their song Peace Sells.
Yeah that one is one of their biggest hits.
I hope I can see them in concert some day.
They should be coming back in the next year.
Do you think they will play The Mechanics?
They mght! You never know what they will play.
I really like the song the Mechanics.
That one is good. They did not play it last night though.
Bummer, maybe they will next year.
Do you like the band Sister Hazel?
I don't remember them, what did they sing?
Their hit song was All For You.
I remember that song, I liked it.
I did too, I also liked Champagne High.
What made you think of them?
I don't know they just popped into my today.
What other old bands do you like?
I like the Gin Blossoms.
What was their hit song again?
It was called Until I Hear It From You.
That's right, that is a good song.
Do you remember the Wallflowers?
Yes I do, I like their song One Headlight.
Me too, that is a great song.
I am glad we have talked about these bands again.
I am too. I want to listen to them now.
I have a Sister Hazel album.
Great! We should play it.
Good idea.
Who's the greatest band of all time?
That's a complex question.
I personally think it is The Beatles.
That's a good choice.
They had a ton of hits and were cultural icons.
What about Elvis?
I don't really think of Elvis as a band.
Ok, what about The Rolling Stones?
The Stones have had a lot of hit songs but I don't think they are bigger than The Beatles.
The Rolling Stones have been around a lot longer.
The Stones have been around forever.
The Stones are still on tour.
Aren't they in their 70s now?
They have to be.  They started in the 60s.
I think it was actually 1962.
That is a long run.  50 plus years of being a rock star.
Keith Richards looks a little, well very, rough now.
Mick Jagger still moves around for being in his 70s.
You know what, because of how long they have been around, I can understand The Rolling Stones as one of the greatest of all time.
I would say they are my favorite band.
Whats your favorite Incubus album?
Wow thats tough, they have a big discography.
Yeah for me it is Light Grenades.
I dont like that one too much.
Why is that?
I feel like its distanced themselves from their pure sound.
I think thats crazy, it sounds like every other album.
I would rather listen to anything else.
So whats your favorite then?
Make Yourself by far.
That was the album that got me into them.
They had one before that.
Yeah it was called Fungus Amongus right?
That was their first ever
OH OK, you talking about Enjoy Incubus?
Yes thats the one
They had one more too but Make Yourself was so clean and produced well.
It had a ton of hits and it sounded very full.
Yeah I loved them so much, I have seen them play 7 times.
Jesus thats alot! I could never see a band that much.
What kind of music did your parents listen to growing up?
My mom would play a lot of music from the 60s.
Yea I guess it would depend on when your parents were born, mine played music from the 70s.
My mom was also a HUGE fan of John Denver.
Well who wouldn't be? I knew some of his songs.
He was pretty talented. Sad that he lost his life at a young age.
How did he die?
He passed away in a plane crash.
Oh how sad! I didn't know that.
I can still hear my mom playing his song "Leaving On a Jet Plane."
I think maybe someone remade that song actually.
You may be right, I have no idea.
I remember his song "Take Me Home, Country Roads".
That actually came out in the early 70s.
Right it did! From the album "Poems, Prayers and Promises".
I think that is the album my mom would play the most.
I only know a couple songs from that album.
She also loved the album that came out in 1969, "Rhymes and Reasons."
Oh okay, not as familiar with that one.
To this day she still listens to John Denver music.
Lets talk about music
Great i love music
Me too
What kind do you want to talk about
Any kind is fine with me
Me too
Do you like the black eye peas?
Yes they are a good group
I think so too
They are fun to listen to
Yes exactly
Frrgie iphas great vocals
She does
I lioed it better went she went out on her own
Super talented
Exsctly
Pretty too
Yes
Nice talking to you
Thanks
Do you like r and b music?
Bits and pieces. I like more rap music than anything.
Who's your favorite rap artist?
I don't have a favorite. If it sounds good i will listen to it.
I like all types of music. I am listening to some Mary J. Blige as we speak.
I like Mary J. What song are you playing?
Seven Days.
That's the ones where they're friends by Monday and lovers by Saturday?
That's the one. I like it.
I've heard it. It's a good song. She's a good artist.
I have almost every album she's ever made.
Which one is your favorite?
What's the 411. That was her first album.
I know. She had a cut on there with Grand Pooba didn't she?
Yep. It was the title song of the album, What's the 411.
I haven't heard from Grand Pooba in a while.
I know he was part of Brand Nubian before he went solo.
Yeah. Brand Nubian was good.
Remember Punks Jump Up to Get Beat Down?
Yeah. That was a classic. was Pooba on that track with them?
Hi, have you heard the new Art of Anarchy CD?
I think I heard one of the singles from it, sounded good.
I really love the album, quite a band, lots of experience!
Anyone I'd know?
Probably, there's Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal, from Gun's n Roses, John Moyer from Disturbed, and Scott Stapp from Creed.
Wasn't Scott Weiland in that band?
He sang with them, but evidently didn't consider himself part of the band.
He died, didn't he?
Yes, and it was later the next year before Scott Stapp joined them.
So who do they sound like most, do you think?
I think Scott Stapp described it accuately as "So, it's like Disturbed meets Guns N' Roses, meets Creed."
That's d be band I'd like to hear!
The music is good, and Scott sounds great, I think it's a good mix.
Think they'll hang together as a band?
Time will tell; I suppose part of it will depend on what else the bandmembers have in the works.
You have a favorite song on the album?
That's a lot like asking me if I have a favorite child!
Tough decision?
No kidding! Guess I might go with "Echo of a Scream."
Sounds like I need to give that album a listen!
Do you like pop music?
Not really
What about classical?
Yes. I love Mozzart
I enjoy classical music without singing.
Yes. I do too.
A good composition is hard to come by
Do you like any new music?
No. I like 90's music and anything older than that.
So, Bob Dylan is good to you?
Yes. He is a great artist.
I don't like the newer stuff too.
The older stuff has better melodies.
That is true
The Beatles are probably one of the best and and they were in the 70's
I agree. The best music is from the 70's
I am not sure about that
What do you think?
The 50's is the best decade for music
There were some great artists back then.
Are you a fan of Luke Bryan?
Actually, I am. I like country music pretty well.
He's my favorite country singer! Favorite Luke song?
"Do I".
That one's sad, but it is very beautiful and I do love it!
Yeah, what's your favorite Luke song?
Mine is "Home Alone Tonight".
The one that he sings with the girl from Little Big Town?
Yeah, Karen Fairchild's her name! It's awesome!
That one is pretty amazing.
I just love Luke, my dream is to meet him at a concert!
I do like Luke, but I'm more into Brantley Gilbert.
Yeah, he's pretty awesome too! I like his song "Bottoms Up".
Oh yes, that's my favorite!
I would love to meet him as well!
Me too. We should totally go to a Luke and Brantley concert!
Oh my gosh that would be totally cool!
Yes it would! Both of our faves at a concert together!
I am such a big fan of country music, aren't you?
Ditto!
Which of the Beatles is your favorite?
Oh I love John Lennon.
I prefer Paul McCartney.
All Paul wrote is silly love songs.
"Silly Love Songs" is a great song! But he had many.
I know he collaborated with Stevie Wonder and Michael Jackson some.
Yes, they had some hits together.
Did you know Paul is left handed?
Oh yes, he had that backward Hofner bass.
It is a weird looking guitar.
I liked some of George Harrison's solo stuff too.
Did you like Ringo Starr solo?
Not as much.
What's your favorite Beatles song?
I like Yellow Submarine.
I like "I Wanna Hold Your Hand."
That's a cheesy song.
I don't care, I like it.
There hasn't been a band as big since.
I agree with that!
what is the first album you ever bought with your own money
I saved for a long time and bought Kiss Alive
really, how old were you
about 8 I think
that is kind of young for Kiss isn't it
I suppose it was but I still wanted it
wow did you like it
I did I loved it
what was your favorite song on it
I did not have a perticular favorite, I just remember I had never heard a live album before
oh wow I guess not
I remember all of the solos on there drums, guitar, etc. I was like nothing I had ever heard before
I always liked Cold Gin from the album
you know the album was a 2 album set
yes I know
of course the classic Rock and Roll All Night
that song is used so much in movies and stuff
Who was your favorite Kiss member
ALways Peter Criss
I always loved Ace
Well you just multiplied 4 by 4 and said 16. Wrong.
Yes. That's what I did. And it sounds good to me. I'm happy with it.
it really depends on how you approach this. It's a permutations problem
Yeah, permute this. I say 16.
Now we started this because we wanted to understand how to construct an atonal music piece.
Yes. There are 16. I took the 4 and mutliplied it it. Looks good to me.
That's... just wrong. Let's try this. is the music only going to be 2 rows?
Oh. wait...
Yeah. you get it now.
I see. So it combinatorailly explodes as the number or the rosw increase.
it's not without a reason all these atonal music sound so different from each other and yet still sound the same
because there are so many possibilities.
All of them following the same rule of having no keys
how do you have no keys?
Um... we just talked about it.
yes, but summarize it.
No.
Yes. one was what? Don;t use the same notes?
Sigh... No.. use all 12 notes of the chrimatic scale. Rule 2 is do not use the same notes in a row. (which is kinda breakble)
Oh yeah... And rule 3 is the tranformation stuff and the 4 is start the row with any note you want.
What's your favorite genre of music?
I really like progressive metal.
What's that? I've heard of progressive rock and metal, but not progressive metal.
It's basically just those two things put together.
Cool, but how does that work?
Well, you start with heavy metal, and then you add some of the wilder time signatures and song structures found in progressive rock.
Okay, I think I've got it. It's more like Metallica than Yes or Genesis?
Yes, most of the time. Though there are some bands like King Crimson that have approached from a more progressive rock angle.
Okay, that makes sense. I had always thought of King Crimson as progressive rock.
They mostly are, though they stretch to progressive metal sometimes.
Okay. So what are some of your favorite bands?
I really like Dream Theater and Symphony X.
Oh, I think I've heard of Dream Theater. Haven't they been really popular lately?
They have. Their last few albums were top 10 hits.
And they have all those crazy song structures and time signatures you were talking about?
They do. They write some of the most complicated songs in the genre.
It's weird that they've gotten so popular with that type of music. Why do you think it's happened?
Well, with file sharing services, I think bands really have to offer something extra in order to get people to buy their albums.
You mean like more complicated songs?
Exactly.
Have you heard the soundtrack to the series Peaky Blinders? I hear there is a lot of good music attached to that show.
Yeah, I have and yes, there is. There is a lot of British bands of course.
Like who? I'm bad with names.
Nick Cage does a lot of their music. "Abattoir's Blues, Marth's Deam, The Boatman's Call" are all really cool. Kind of haunting.
That kind of sounds familiar. Who else?
Have you heard of the Weepies? They did quite a few.
I know about them. "Nobody Knows Me At All" is great. I also like "Somebody Loved."
Yeah, I'm pretty sure both of those have played on there. What about Tom Waits's "Time?"
That sounds about right. He has that kind of gravelly voice.
I think PJ Harvey, The Sapphires, and Queenies did some songs too. I'm sure I'm missing more.
Wow, for a drama they seem to have a lot of music.
Yeah, they do but it is all so perfectly timed.
I'm going to have to watch it and listen carefully.
I think one of the most amazing things is how they blended contemporary music with old time period and it seems seamless.
That's pretty cool but if you choose the right music....it can be timeless.
That's true. The Soldier's Minute and Red Right Hand are really good.
I look forward to hearing that music. What category do you think that music is?
Good question, rock maybe?
That's what I was thinking. I'm going to see what I can find.
If you find more, be sure to share. I am always looking for new music.
Lets talk about music
Great topic
Thanks
I love music
Do you like shania twain?
Yes i love her
Me too
Shes the symbol of femal empowerment
Pretty much
I love her song man i feel like a woman
That ones great
It is
Did you hear shes coming out with a new album
Really when?
This fall
Thats so cool
I know
I cant wait now
Me either im getting it when it comes out
Me too
What is your favorite type of music? Mine is classic rock.
I like a lot of music but pop culture is my favorite.
Who is your favorite singer in pop culture?
I really like Katie Perry but I also like Taylor Swift.
They don't like each other much do they?
It is actually really crazy at how much Taylor Swift doesn't like Katie Perry.
My all time favorite pop singer is Byonce and I loved her half time performance.
I wonder if we will get to see Byonce's twins any time soon.
I like Lady Gaga too because I love her "Born This Way" song.
Yes she is really powerful when it comes to music and feeling the music.
Yeah and not to mention she is way supportive of equal rights for everyone.
Who is your favorite Classic Rock Group?
I would have to say Journey is my ultimate favorite but I also like Chicago.
What do you think of the young asian kid that is now the lead singer of Journey.
He is actually really good. I saw them in concert a couple of years ago and he sounded really good.
I saw them recently and the hardest part was seeing him on the stage instead of Perry.
Yes, I just laid back on the lawn and listened with my eyes closed.
Do you like any type of country music?  I love Carrie Underwood.
She is great and to come from the reality tv show is awesome.
It really is and shows that those shows can find real talent that can make it.
Have you heard the new Jon Pardi song?
No, I haven't even heard of Jon Pardi.  Who on earth is that?
Oh my gosh, seriously?  He's a country singer!
That must be why.  I don't really listen to country.
Oh strange, I thought you did.  Well you should check him out.
But I don't like country.
He's not really overly country.  There's a bit of rock twisted in too.
What does he sing?
Well a lot of songs.  The newest one is called Dirt on my Boots and it's got a great tune to it.
I might have heard that.  It sounds familiar.
You probably have, it's really popular right now.
What else?
He's got another great one called Up All Night.  It really gets stuck in your head.
I swear I've heard that before.
So maybe you have heard of him after all.
Yeah, I've probably flipped past a station where they were playing him or something.
Probably so.  I can play some of his music for you if you'd like.
Yes, that would be great!  Turn it on!
I sure will.  You're sure to like it.
Okay, thanks!
What do you think of Lady Gaga?
She's okay...
Just okay?
Yea, her music is quite cliche
I can see your perspective
Yea, it just sounds like everything else
Did you know that she was influanced by Queen?
Really!?  You'd neer have thought it
Yea i agree
Might be becuase Freddy Mercury was gay
Yea it could be
I mean she is an avid supporter of gay rights
Very true
Too bad Freddy's dead
Yea he was great
Agreed
Glad we can at least agree on that
For sure!
I gotta run
Later!
Hey, what's on your mind, mind?
Actually, I was just thinking about the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack.
Like, the instrumental music or the 70s music?
Oh, definitely the 70s music.
It's cool how they brought all that music back and made people listen to it again.
Yeah, it was really a hit. But I was actually thinking about the second movie.
The second one? ...Yeah, I guess it had 70s music in it too.
But you had to think about it, right? I wonder why those songs didn't catch on as much as the first mix did.
I think the first mix had more iconic songs, like "Ain't No Mountain High Enough."
And I guess "Cherry Bomb" is a pretty well known song as well.
Yeah, but I could sit here for ages and not name one song from the newest one.
I guess there was the element of surprise for the first one, too. No one knew what to expect.
Ugh, but the music in the first one was just so good. "Hooked on a Feeling!"
Haha, I love the "ooga chakas" at the beginning of that one.
It's so weird, but it's so fun.
"Pina Colada" also has a fun twist at the end.
And I think the fun element is what made it work so well. People just wanted to enjoy the film, and the music was part of that.
It was like nostalgia for something most of us never actually experienced, because we were too young.
Exactly, exactly. Now I kinda wanna listen to that soundtrack again!
I'm down for it. How about "Come and Get Your Love"?
Hi.
Don't interrupt me please.
Why?
I'm listening to music.
Who is this?
Wagner.
Huh.
Don't know of him?
Nope.
He's an amazingly bad person and an amazingly great composer.
Why?
You find out about the bad on your own.
So why is he a good composer?
He revolutionized opera and the music of his era.
Really?
Yep. Yurned opera on its head for the better.
Is that why you like opera?
Nope, just the music of Wagner.
Cool. I'll check his music out.
Great - you'll love it.
Do you like Country music at all?
I do listen to some! I like a mix of all music.
Who would you have to say is your favorite?
I remember as a kid one of my good friends loved Leann Rimes. Do you remember her?
Yes I do! She had such a gorgeous voice.
My friend would always belt her songs at recess.
I always wanted to see her in concert. Which of her songs was your favorite?
It has to be one of her most popular "How Do I Live".
"How do I live without you?"
Yes! Such a great song!
Another really good one was "You Light Up My Life". Loved that one.
Her voice sounded gorgeous in that one.
You don't hear about her really anymore.
No you don't, that's a shame.
It is. I wish they still made music like hers today.
I agree. A lot of artists just don't compare.
Are you a fan of other genres of music also?
I am. I like rock music or r&b too.
Me too! I love the classics.
Yes, back when artists put more effort and soul into their music.
who do you wanna see in concert?
i wanna see twenty one pilots
they have a great live show, i heard
it is just going to cost so much!
thats always the issue.
it will be like over 100 for decent seats
yeah, my friend paid 100 to be in the back
they've gotten so popular
i wish i knew them back when they released vessel
i found out about them too late too
yup, when stressed out came out in the radio
that song blew up so fast.
it went to every pop radio station.
i thought they were stupid at first
how come?
the lyrics were kinda cheesy.
"my names blurry face and i care what you think"
yeah, it just sounded kinda weird and stupid
i get what you mean.
i still like them though
Hey, what do you think about music?
Like what?
What's your favorite genre?
Classical
Like Boch?
Yea all the classics
Like anything from way before our modern era?
Exactly!
What does it for you?
Just the dynamics
I hear that!
Like sometimes they go from something very urgent to a slower pace
I'm following you...
And then it just sets the mood for what you're doing
I see - yea a lot of people like to listen to it while eating
Yup!  They have a mood for that for sure!
I'll have to check some out!
You definitely should!
Thanks for the tip!
No problem, bro!
I heard a song by Bruno Mars today that sound good, do you like Bruno Mars music?
Yes, he has a song called "That's what I Like", that sounds cool.
Yea!, I like that song too.
Do you like Justin Bieber music?
Yes! I like his music, he has a lot of great songs.
Justin Bieber has a song that he sings with a guy name DJ Snake, the song is called"Let Me Love You".Have you heard it?
Yes! it is a cool song.
I like to listen to Selena Gomez music, her music is good.
On my Ipod , I listen to several artist like, Selena Gomez, Shawn Mendes, and Justin Bieber.
I have an Ipod too. You can store lots of songs on it.
Do you ike R&B music, like the song from R Kelly called "It Seems Like Your ready?" it is a romantic song.
Yes! I like R&B music.I listen to song like" Stay or Go " by Monica.
Do  you like Gospel music?
Yes! I like gospel music, I listen to singers like Tasha Cobbs or Amy Grant.
I like Amy Grant she has great music but she does not only sing gospel, but soft rock.
The artist Amy Grant had a lot of great albums in the late 80's and 90's.
I like Amy Grant's song called "Baby Baby", have you herd that song?
Yes! I have, it is great song really popular.
Amy Grant also has a good song called" I will Remember You", have you heard that song?
Yes! I have a lot of great songs on my Ipod, old songs and new ones.
What is some good music?
What are you into?
I am into everything.
You gotta be more specific than that. Do you like chilled out music?
Yes I do. What is some good chill music?
Have you ever heard of Dub?
No, what is that?
It is a type of music that originated in Jamaica.
That sounds like my cup of tea.
It definitely is. Do you want to hear about some artists?
Yes. Who are some?
Have you ever heard of King Tubby?
No I have not. Who is he?
He is a great dub artist.
Nice. What should I listen to by him?
There is a great album called At The Controls.
That sounds cool. So what are the controls?
The controls are the control station that the dub artist uses to manipulate sounds.
That sounds awesome. So he changes volume and stuff?
Not just volume, he pans sounds, adds echoes, and does many other cool sound tricks.
Hey
Hi man
You busy today
Not really
Cool cool
Why you ask
I wanted you to come by if possible
Sure i can
Awesome
What for
I want to jam with you
True we have not done that in awhile
I know right
We might be needing a jam session then
Pretty much
Well then yeah for sure lets do it
Okay i will have to get things ready
Okay cool
Just let me know when you leave
Sure thing
Hey, how you doing? What's that you're listening to?
Oh, this? This is the new album from 2 Chainz.
Oh, is that hip hop? I've never really been into that.
Yeah, but I think you would like this.
What's it called? The new album?
It's called "Pretty Girls Like Trap Music".
Wow, sounds neat already. What do you like about it?
Mostly the energy the songs have.
Oh really, does it make you wanna dance?
Ha, yeah, it does. The lyrics are pretty catchy too.
Well, it does sound pretty nice, I gotta admit
Trust me, I'm not a huge hip hop fan but I liked it.
Well, you've sold me on listening atleast. Tell me more?
The songs all feel unique to me, you know?
LIke each one is its own type of song?
Yeah, that's a good way of putting it.
Wow, this really does sound pretty good. I like it!
I had a feeling you would. You should listen to some of his other music. It's pretty big right now.
Let's go get some coffee, and you can tell me some more.
No problem, I've got my playlist ready.
You know who's really good?
Who?
Mumpherd and Sons.
Oh, yes I like them.
One of my favorites is the Cave.
Yeah I agree.   I like their folk and slightly Irish sound.
It is good.  It's just relaxing.
They do such a good job.
Another good one, I will wait.
Yes, for sure.  Maybe their best one.
I know what you mean.  You know what I love?
What?
Their acoustic sound.  It's something we don't get enough of today.
Yeah, I know what you mean.  Everything is synthetic today.
And they're just so real.
There's something pure about it.
Something you want more of.
It's a little rustic too, kind of like roasting food on a fire.
Yeah, that smokey feeling.
Perfect for fourth of July BBQ's.
Have you ever seen The Story So Far live before?
I have not. I love their music though.
They're definitely my favorite band. They're great live, too.
What's your favorite CD by them?
Their first one was good, but I think "What you don't see" is a masterpiece.
That CD is really good. I'm actually partial to their self-titled.
I've only listened to that one a couple times.
Yeah, it takes a couple listens but it really grew on me.
What's your favorite track on it?
It's probably "Heavy Gloom".
I'll have to go back and give it another listen.
If you like them, you should check out Four Year Strong.
Four year Strong is awesome.
When they came out, their sound was so original.
Yeah, there weren't too many bands doing that style at the time.
I think Set Your Goals was the only other band in that category.
Yeah, I would say A Day to Remember was a bit similar.
I could see that, A Day to Remember had more heavy parts though.
Yeah definitely. I think their heavier sections were what set them apart.
Those do seem to be the parts that everyone remembers.
What do you think of Coldplay?
That's a great question. I used to love them.
Seriously?
Yeah. They write really good melodies. Their production is always fantastic.
That is true. Brian Eno produced Viva La Vida.
Exactly, they always get great producers. But it was around that album actually that I changed my mind.
Why was that?
Well up until Viva La Vida they had really solid songs, I still think that. But after that. I couldn't stand their new stuff.
You think it was worse than the older songs?
Definitely. Think about it.
Think about what?
When they first started off, like their first few albums- their songs actually had lyrics.
Yes, they did have lyrics. What's your point?
Well, as they kept releasing albums, their songs started being mostly  the word "woah" or "ahhhhh" or "oooooh"
Wait, you're right.
Yeah. Like every song since then has been some sort of nonsense chorus.
Now that I think about it, totally. Chris Martin just throws in a lyric like, "I sing" before the nonsense, and then there are no lyrics after that.
Yep. So yeah, I used to like them.
And now they sing nonsense songs.
Every single one.
What is your favorite band?
I like ACDC.
ACDC is an older band but I like them as well.
Yes, they are older but they still rock pretty hard.
What is your favorite song by them?
I think my favorite is "Shook Me All Night Long".
That is a good one but I prefer "Shoot To Thrill".
Oh yes, that is a good one as well.
What is your favorite part about their music?
I like the guitar for sure.
So you are an Angus Young fan?
Without a doubt.
Have you ever seen them live?
Yes, I have seen them twice.
Where have you seen them?
I saw them once in Chicago and once in Minneapolis.
Very cool.
Have you ever seen them live?
No, I wish I would have back in the day.
They put on a show that is well worth it.
Do you listen to Casting Crowns?
Of course! I love Christian music.
They are so great. Everytime I hear a new song, I get excited.
Me too! I have the Until the Whole World hears album.
I really enjoy that album. I have their Thrive album.
I like that album too. I have been listening to them since 2006.
That's cool. I know they started in 1999.
Yeah but I didn't find out about them until later.
The song called Lifesong is my favorite. It really touched my heart.
I know what you mean. I love that song.
Mark Hall has a great voice. He put the band together.
That is pretty cool. They all have an amazing voice.
Yes! I have always wanted to go to their concert.
Me too! We should find one coming up soon.
That's a great idea!
They formed in Daytona, Florida.
Yeah! Our home state!
They moved to Georgia which is pretty cool too.
That's a beautiful place to live. Let's find some tour tickets!
Yes! Let's do that!
Hey you know what song I really like right now?
Which song is that brah?
The new one by chainsmokers and coldplay
What? Those are two separate bands-- how would they come together?
yeah brah.. the song is called something like this
Hmm I never heard of it.
I can play it for you on my iphone
Ok.. Let me listen
wow that is an awesome song!
Yeah I like the message-- we are not all superheros but we try our best
Yes its a positive message!
I'm really tired of music with negative messages now a days
I also admire Chris Martin he is such a great artist
Do you see he can play almost every instrument!
I saw that during the concert for Manchester
I want to hear more from coldplay!
Its my pleasure to share
Thanks so much
Next time you have any songs you want to share definitely let me know
Ok no problem friend!
Have you noticed that Smash Mouth is getting popular again?
Yes, and I don't know why.
Its because of a meme.
Which meme are you talking about?
Something to do with their All Star song. But its everywhere.
Yes, I see people quoting that song all the time. I like it, though.
It definitely brings back memories.
Its a great song and is nostalgic.
Do they still make music?
I have no idea.
Besides All Star, I cant even think of another one of their songs.
There are 2 other really popular ones.
And they are?
Walking on the sun and I'm a believer.
Oh! I completely forgot about I'm a believer.
Thats another really nostalgic one.
It had to have been in some movies.
I'm not sure.
Well, All star definitely was.
Yes, Shrek.
No matter what I do... I just do not like Neil Young.
WHAT!?
I know, that's how people respond every single time that I say that. I just can't come around.
You listened to After the Gold Rush?
Yep.
What about Harvest?
Mhm.
What is wrong with you?
His stuff is just not for me.
But what exactly don't you like about it?
Uh, like everything.
Nope, it can't be everything.
Okay, fine. For starters... his voice sounds like a crying cat.
I'll give that to you. At first I couldn't enjoy his voice.
Are you saying it's an "acquired taste?"
You're being sarcastic. But it totally is. For me at least, it took me hearing how great his songs were, and how authentic he is as an artist. Then I was listening for the melodies. Then I found myself all of a sudden liking his voice.
That sounds like it's just you trying to get it because other people say he's good.
No! He doesn't have a classically "good" voice, but he's a great singer anyway.
I just all respect for you.
Play his song "After the Gold Rush" a few times. You'll love him the next time I see you.
Do you like live music?
Like a concert or at a bar?
Any live music at all.
Well yes of course, I love listening to people play the guitar.
That is true for me too, I like going to bars and listening to local bands play.
Do you play any instruments?
I  played the flute when i was a kid, and I play guitar, but not very well.
I started to learn to play the guitar too, it is really hard!
I find switching chords is hard for my fingers to adjust to.
Same here, but I pick up on new chords very easily.
That is why I like watching people play the guitar, I can watch their hands.
I do the same thing, makes it easier for me.
Can you read music?
Not quite, I just like to play by ear, That is how I learn.
I can't read much music either, but I did learn what the strings on the guitar are.
I can read guitar tabs pretty easily for some reason.
I can do the same, but not very well.
It does take some getting used to.
They have some great videos on youtube that teach you the tabs though.
Yes, that is how I learned!
Man i miss punk
Whatcha talking about
Exactly as i said
But punk is still around
Not the same
How so
It is all whiney kids
Do you not remember we used to be that
Never!
Yes for real
Come on dont say that
But its true bro
Well i dont know
Just give the new stuff a chance
Got any good bands
What do you want
I want hard stuff
Well i can give some Hardcore
That would be cool
KuBlai Khan and Upon a Burning body are cool
What kind of music do you like?
Oh, probably top 40's, rock, pop, that kind of stuff.
I can respect that. There have been some great hits lately.
Yeah, I've really been enjoying Harry Styles' new album.
What's it called?
It's just called "Harry Styles." It's actually really good!
I've liked a few of One Direction's songs on the radio. Maybe I should check it out.
It's really different from what they've done, but still good.
Yeah, I'll give it a go. Personally, I like country and rap.
That's sort of a weird combination.
I know, people are always surprised when I tell them that.
Those are usually two of the most commonly disliked types of music.
I can't help that I like them.
It's not a bad thing at all! What is it about them that you like?
Well, with rap, it's satisfying to hear so many rhyming sounds in such a short time. Plus, they can get really clever.
I can see that. It's sort of like poetry.
Exactly! And with country I'm always reminded of mornings at my grandma's house.
That's what music should be - something that makes you feel good.
I'm glad you can see it that way, even if it's not your type of music.
If it makes you happy, I support it.
What's some good rap to listen to?
I like the really fast rappers.
So so i
Busta Rhymes is good.
What's a good song?
"Put Your Hands Where My Eyes Could See," "Dangerous," and "Gimme Some More" are all good.
I'll check them out.
Twista is also good. Maybe check out Kamikaze.
Do you listen to Tech N9ne?
Yeah, I love Tech N9ne!
"Dwamn" is such a great party song.
Krizz Kaliko is also good.
Yeah, "Girls Like That" is a good one.
How about Snow Tha Product?
I've never heard of him.
She's actually a female rapper. Really good stuff. One of her latest songs "Waste of Time" has been on repeat in my car.
I'll have to listen to it.
Yeah, check it out.
What are some other good ones by Snow?
"Hola" and "Play" are both really good.
Who's the best lead singer for Val Halen?
Is that even really a question?
I think it is.
It's obviously David Lee Roth.
Based on what?
Because he's the original guy who set the tone for their whole career.
But Sammy has a better tone and voice that David.
Maybe, but there's more that just vocal talent involved here.
Really, like what?
Like personality and charisma.
I think Sammy wins there too.
I disagree, look who sang the biggest hits.
Sure, but Sammy had some big ones too.
Those may have never happened without David leading the way earlier.
David really didn't lead them, he depended totally on the brothers.
But he had solo hits too.
That never would have happened without his stint with Val Halen.
At least we agree that the best wasn't that other guy.
I'm still trying to forget about him.
Truth, we agree again.
Did you ever like any of The Beatles' music?
I love the Beatles. Favorite song of theirs is I Wanna Hold Your Hand.
I'd have to say mine is Yesterday. Such a beautiful and always relevant song.
Imagine is another beautiful one sung by John Lennon.
It really was. I hate that his life was cut so short.
Me too, and by a fan of his. That's crazy.
Yeah it is. Did you ever see Across the Universe?
Yes I did I love the interpretations of Beatles' songs they did in that movie.
My favorite is when the sang While My Guitar Gently Weeps.
Oh that was a beautiful rendition. That Jimi Hendrix character was so good.
He really was. Black Bird is another pretty one.
Yeah I like that one and Hey Jude. They were so talented.
Did you ever see any of their movies from back in the day?
I never saw any of them but I've been making it a point to.
They were crazy famous, up there with Elvis and Michael Jackson.
Elvis really had a great following. People believe he's alive to this day.
I can't say I have any favorite Elvis Presley songs. Maybe Love me Tender.
That is a sweet song. His daughter Lisa Marie married Michael Jackson at one point.
Right she was in his video You Are Not Alone.
I remember people making fun of that video but I thought it was sweet.
I am needing something new to listen
Why?
Because the same old same old is getting boring
Sure thing
Ugh
Want me to give you some suggestions
That would be apprciated
Okay
So?
Well how about some Devourment or Ingested
I have hard Ingested before
Dont sleep on Devourment they are cool
I wont got any songs
Well their best well my personal favorite
What one is that
Fifty ton war machine
Sure i shall listen now
Good
I like it
Glad you did
Do you like Irish music?
Yeah it's ok.  I usually only listen on St Paddy's day though.
Yeah, but it still sounds good.
It has an earthyness to it.
How about Drop Kick Murphies.
Yeah, they're awesome.  Saw them in concert.
You know who else has an Irish sound?  Mumphord and sons.
Yeah they do.
That Irish sound is good for just sitting around with a beer.
Well after a few it makes you want to dance a jig haha.
Ok, you got me there.
I also like Bondo.
I know what song you're talking about.  F' you I'm drunk.
That was just funny.
And how about worst day since yesterday?
Also a classic.
Irish music seems to be both happy and sad at the same time.
Except Irish wake music like Danny Boy.
Yeah, well Celtic music can be relaxing.
Yes amazingly so.
Hey, what is your favorite genre of music?
I like older country and bluegrass. I also like 1969's and 70's folk.
When you say older country, what do you mean,
I really connect with Johnny Cash, Ferlin  Huskey, Patsy Cline. Those were the good days of country... Great ballads and real music.
I agree. It's hard to compete with Ring of Fire, Crazy or Hello Walls.
I could listen to Cash all day. And real roots music... Just a bass, guitar, mandolin and fiddle.
I'm glad you like rock n roll.
Me too.
Now we just have one more thing in common!
Yeah I can't believe I didn't enjoy it until just recently, even though I heard it all the time growing up.
Were your parents into rock n roll?
My mom was, big time. She would share it with me but I never connected with it.
I think it's natural to grow up despising the music your parents like.
Well if I did because of that I wasn't conscious of it at the time. I think I just needed to listen to different artists till I found a particular sound I liked.
You mean Little Richard and Elvis didn't do anything for you?
Ha ha, no. I mean I can understand why they're popular, though.
The beat, the beat, the beat.
The beats are good and their songs are catchy, I just couldn't get into the lyrics and their voices.
Oh, yeah, if you can't get used to their voice that pretty much ruins the experience.
Exactly! I like Jerry Lee Lewis' and Buddy Knox's voices for some reason.
Oh okay. I like that one song "Party Doll".
It's pretty catchy.
Jerry Lee Lewis' songs although they get stuck in my head a lot I'm actually not a big fan.
I gotcha, I have songs like that.
I have a bunch of old rock n roll records you should help me go through sometime.
Will do!
My nephew was in a boy band called Dream Street.
What is your nephew's name?
Greg Raposo
I remember him, he was with four other boys too.
Yes they were Chris Trousdale, Matt Ballinger, Frankie Galasso, and Jesse McCartney.
I still listen to Jesse McCartney.
Me too and when he comes to NY, I usually go to his concerts.
Is your nephew still singing?
Yes he is now singing with his sisters doing small concerts at venues.
What type of music?
All types, but mainly soft rock.
What are the other boys besides Jesse doing?
Well Matt got married and had his own band for awhile, but I am not sure what he is doing now.
What about the one with the spikes?
Chris, he is living in CA and is still trying hard to have a career in music or dancing.
That is cool, he was so cute.
Frankie has had a great career also.  He was in Jersey Boys.
What role did he play.
He was Joe Pesci and the under study for Frankie Vallie.
That is awsome..................I miss Dream Street.
What do you think of Dream Theater?
They are a good band that has a great guitarist!
Do you know any of their music?
I know "In the Name Of God" but not much else
How do you know that song?
I did a project on it for school
That's cool. That song is from a really good album, you should try it out!
What is the album called?
It's called Train of Thought
Oh that's interesting. When did it come out?
I think it came out in 2003.
So you know that album pretty well?
Yeah, I really liked "As I am" on that CD
How many songs does the CD have?
Only seven.
And it fills up the whole CD?
Yeah, well each song is about 10 minutes. So its 70 minutes of music.
Wow those are really long songs!
Yeah, you should give all of their music a try, they've been around for so long!
I'm sure I'll find something I like from them!
What do you think of Jimmy Buffett?
I absolutely love him and his music.
He does have some really neat songs.
Oh, his music is all happy tunes!
His music makes me feel good.
I am a beach person, and his music is beach type music.
It sure it is and makes me want to dance!
Have you ever been to one of his concerts?
I did a few years ago and enjoyed it immensely.
Where did you see him in concert?
It was in Las Vegas at the MGM.
Really?  Lucky you!
We were invited to the pre-concert pool party at the MGM.
I am sure that was a blast!
I was amazed at how some of the people were dressed in their Buffet outfits.
Oh yearh, some of them really get into the grass skirts, the beach hats.
If we would have known, Ray and I would have dressed up more like lot of the others.
You still had lots of fun; even not being dressed up in Parrot Head clothes?
We definitely did.  If we ever have another chance to see another of Buffett's concerts, we will go for sure.
If you find out he will be in concert anywhere near us, let me know.
Hey man, what do you think of all these new rappers?
I don't know man I'm a fan of I guess classic rap.
So you don't listen to like Lil Yachty or Kodak Black or like X?
Dude I didn't even know you were saying names just now.
Haha, they're not bad at all man, you should give them a listen.
I hear you really like Bruce Springsteen.
You heard right.
So, if I asked you any song, could you tell me what album it is on?
I could tell you most of them, but probably not all.
Well let's give it a shot. How about Badlands?
Well that's an easy one! It's my favorite song and my favorite album. Darkness on the Edge of Town.
Ok, how about Blinded by the Light?
First album - Greetings from Asbury Park.
I didn't even realize he sang that song until recently.
I know. It didn't really become a big hit until Manfred Mann's Earth Band sang it.
Doesn't he have another song like that?
Well, the two he wrote for others that went big were Fire and Because the Night.
Because the Night was Pat Benetar right?
You know, I always thought so, but it was actually Patti Smith and then 10,000 Maniacs.
Oh I forgot about them. Didn't they have a female lead?
Natalie Merchant I believe.
Did she ever do anything solo?
Oh yes, for many years. But I couldn't tell you one of her songs.
I'm sure she has some that we'd know if we heard it.
Right. We just don't realize it is her.
What is your favorite kind of music to listen to?
I like Kanye West a lot.
Seriously?
Yes. I don't know why people do not like his music.
He went downhill once he got involved with a reality star.
I slightly agree in terms of his ego but his music is still good.
He uses way too much auto-tune.
But that is what makes it good though!
I used to like his Graduation album.
That is probably his best one.
What songs do you like from his new stuff?
Real Friends.
Oh that song is okay.
I also like No More Parties in LA.
I have not heard that one yet.
Take a listen sometime soon.
Well I enjoyed talking to you!
Same to you!
We should do it again sometime!
Agreed!
Do you listen to heavy metal at all?
Nah -- I'm more of a prog-rock type of guy.
Yeah? Me too. Have you ever heard of prog-metal?
progressive metal?
Yeah.
No. That sounds like a contradiction in terms.
Well, beginning in the 1990s, heavy metal has been growing more sophistocated.
How so?
Metal bands are currently known for experimenting a lot with time signatures and achieving great levels of complexity and virtuosity.
Really? That sounds atypical for an American music genre.
Actually, heavy metal has become very popular in Europe lately, and most of the best bands are European.
No kidding. What are some examples?
My favorite band is actually from France, believe it or not. You would never know it from listening to it.
That's funny. What band is it?
They're called Gojira.
That sounds Japanese.
Gojira is the original Japanese pronunciation for Godzilla. It doesn't have anything to do with France, but the band liked the name anyway..
That's interesting. What do they sound like?
Gojira is definitely metal sounding. It's very loud and intense, and It has complexity and virtuosity of progressive rock.
That sounds kind of awesome actually.
What kind of music is your favorite?
Really, not too much appeals to me in our generation. I kind of like country I guess.
Well then what kind of music from any generation appeals to you?
I guess I like the 40's through the early 60's. It is pretty pure and innocent.
I guess I do get tired of how raunchy everything is getting these days.
Exactly, that is why I like older music.
Who is your favorite artist?
Well I really like a lot of different people, but I guess Frank Sinatra  best describes them.
So you like crooner music?
Yes, I guess you could say that. I like that style, but I also like big band without lyrics.
Hey, I like big band too!
You don't find many people our age who like big band music.
What is your favorite song?
Oh gosh, tough choice! I guess I would have to say In The Mood.
That is a good one.
What about you?
Well, I am not sure that it 100% qualifies as big band since it has lyrics, but I really like Chattanooga Choo-Choo.
That is such a catchy song. I wish more people appreciated music like that these days.
So do I. At least Michael Buble brings back some popularity to crooner type music.
I do enjoy listening to Michael Buble's covers and original.
Do you follow current music much?
Yes and no. I hear the big hits on the radio, but I wouldn't say I am an avid follower.
Is there any specific genre you like?
Not really. I enjoy most music and I'm sure I can find at least one song in any genre that I would listen to.
I really like one-hit wonders.
What?! That's not exactly a genre.
I know. But I find it fascinating that a group or artist can have one amazing song that everyone knows, and essentially never be heard from again.
That is kind of weird isn't it? Do you have a favorite?
Not in particular, but I like a lot of the 80s ones.
Oh, like Tainted Love, Come On Eileen, and I'm too Sexy?
Yes, but believe it or not, I'm too Sexy was from the 90s.
It has such an 80s vibe though!
Well, it was in 1991.
Oh, that makes sense. I feel like the style of the decade always carries over a few years.
Do you have any one-hit wonders that you like?
I have a lot that I like, but who can say no to Macarena!
Oh yes, the Macarena. The dance craze that never dies!
Also, for some reason I really love the song My Sharona.
Who sang that one again?
I think it was The Knack.
You know, for as much as I like music, I realized that I am terrible about knowing artists' albums and what songs are on each one.
Oh, I don't know any of that either. The only artist that I can tell you detail about the albums is Bruce Springsteen?
Really? Bruce?
Yes, he is my all time favorite and over time, I guess I just learned most of his albums.
I think I could name maybe four songs by him.
Let me guess: Born to Run, Born in the USA, Dancing in the Dark, and Badlands.
That's really funny. I think that pretty much covers it. How did you know?
Those are pretty much the songs that most people know. He has so much more though.
I would think so. He has been around a long time.
Forty-four years since his first album with the E-Street Band.
Are you serious? His first album was in '73?
Yes, Greetings from Asbury Park. And he played with other bands before that but nothing that had any commercial success.
That is a really long time. There aren't many other artists who have that kind of longevity.
What is really impressive about him too is that he doesn't just rely on his older music. He still write and records new albums.
That is impressive. So different that Billy Joel.
I know. He is another artist with longevity and commercial appeal, but his last album came in what? 1991?
River of Dreams was 1993. He technically had one in 2001, but it was his classical compositions, not actually him singing.
Well, I don't count that then!
Oh I know. It's just that most people don't know about that one.
I certainly didn't.
what style of music do you enjoy?
I love motown.
I think on some level everyone loves motown.
One of the best things detroit has going.
Probably true. Which motown artist is your favorite?
Can't say there is just one. But I love The supremes.
They were one of the first groups to come out of there.
Yep. I think they are very iconic for motown sound and vibe.
I always think of Smokey Robinson as well.
He is known as the King of Motown. Deserves it too.
Certainly doe she is like synonymous with motown.
He and Berry Gordie.
He founded Motown right?
Yep. It became the most successful black owned music company in the U.S. History.
Such am impressive feat.
Ya, he produced a lot of great songs and artists.
Stevie wonder, Jackson 5 among so many other legends. The world is lucky he came about.
Yep. Crazy to think he got kicked out of his music class in school.
That is nuts. You often hear these incredible stories of rejection before success.
True. Great people seem to persever and are almost driven by it to succeed.
This year has been crazy for music releases, huh?
Yeah man, lots of good stuff out there recently.
2017 has already been way better for me than 2016 in terms of solid albums.
Me too, easily. What are some of your favorites so far?
That album by Jay Som is excellent; have you heard it?
No, but I keep hearing that name pop up.
Jay Som is the name that this songwriter named Melina Duterte records and performs under; it's basically like indie rock/pop I guess.
OK. Who would you compare her to?
Uh, I'm not sure, I'm kind of bad with comparisons. She writes really solid guitar based songs that are really tuneful and melodic.
Sounds right up my alley; I'll check her out. What else?
Another indie rock album: the new one by Alex G.
Oh, you mean (SANDY) Alex G?
Ha, yeah, I heard that that's what he's going by now. Fair enough.
I've heard a couple of songs from that one. It's a little folkier, right?
Uh, kind of. Some of it is borderline country, but other songs are like Elliott Smith.
I hear the Elliott Smith comparisons a lot.
What about you man, what are you digging?
That Spoon album is good. Hot Thoughts?
Oh yeah, I like that one too. Those guys don't put out bad albums.
I know. They're got a pretty insane discography by now.
Would you consider yourself to be an audiophile?
I'm not sure if I am. How would you define that exactly?
An audiophile has an interest for hearing musical recordings on the best quality equipment that they can. It's an appreciation for hearing the music as it was intended and also the technology of audio equipment.
From my understanding, these people like to spend vast sums of money for really expensive stereo equipment.
That's kind of the stereotypical audiophile. I suppose if a person were really rich and could afford it, they would.
How expensive do these stereos get?
Well, the state-of-the-art stuff for home music listening can get up into the hundreds of thousands of dollars.
That's insane.
In particular, some of the best speakers can cost over a hundred thousand just for a pair of speakers.
I would never spend that kind of money on a stereo. I enjoy music on my Bose system well enough.
Well, nowadays you can get audiophile quality sound for less money. If you have a computer and are willing to spend about 500 dollars you can get a sound setup that is remarkably good.
No kidding? What about the quality of the music or the recordings?
That's actually just as important or even more to an audiophile than the stereo equipment.
Really? What recordings are really good?
Some of the best recordings are from the late 1950s. Some examples are the Bach Goldberg Variations by Glen Gould and "Time Out," an album by the jazz quartet led by Dave Brubeck.
What about more recent stuff?
There are plenty of good recordings from every decade. A good example is the MTV unplugged recordings. The Alice in Chains recording is particularly good.
That's cool. I haven't listened to Alice in Chains in a long time, but they're good.
I would also recommend the jazz recordings of Hiromi Uehara if you want to hear some 21st century stuff.
I might check that out.
I've been getting back into a lot of the rock from the 90s lately.
90s Rock was the best!
I know, I found a great playlist on Amazon music and I've been listening to that and the 90s alternative Rock channel they have on there.
What bands do they normally play?
I personally listen to mostly 90s alternative rock, like Nirvana, Red Hot Chili Peppers and Stone Telmple Pilots.
Oh ok, so all the alternative rock greats. You just motivated me to take a trip back in time and listen to all my favorite songs again.
Oh ya, what were your favorite songs?
I have so many favorite songs from that time. If I had to name a few I would definitely say Nirvana, Smells like Teen Spirit.
Of course, that song and the opening riffs of it will always be epic. What else?
Popular by Nada Surf was another favorite of mine.
What about The Cure?
Amazing music! I could never forget The Cure. Friday I'm in Love has to be one of the best songs ever.
Is The Cure Gothic Rock?
I've heard the band categorized that way before but I don't think they liked that label.
Ha, ok well I guess I will continue calling them plain old alternative rock then.
You know what other band I just thought of that was great in the 90s?
Which one?
Bush, remember them? Their lead singer was Gavin Rossdale.
Yes, I remember them.  They were on the soundtrack of a movie I really liked in the mid 90s called Fear.
I saw that movie. The song Come Down was on it.
My friend is having an album release party for the new Decemberists album. Want to come?
Maybe. What kind of music is it.
It's like indie folk-pop. Very Portland.
Hmm. I could get into that.
I think you'd like it, and even if it's a bust, it's still a party.
Any songs I would know?
They had one called The Crane Wife that was on a few sitcoms. It's based on the folktale.
Is that a thing they usually do? Base music on folktales?
They do it more often than most bands. There are a few songs like that.
Hmm.. anything else?
Lots of literary references. One of the band members has an MFA in writing, so I guess he's witty.
That could be interesting.
We could listen beforehand if you want and then decide?
That would be good. What should we start with.
The song Here I Dreamt I Was an Architect is my favorite. It's very low key.
Okay. Do you have it on your phone.
Actually no, but I bet we can search for.
Okay. Let's listen.
Here we go. What do you think?
I guess I'll come to the party.
Do you listen to Bieber?
Justin Bieber?  No, I am not a fan.
I don't like him that much either, but his song 'Love Yourself' is very catchy.
I agree with that sentiment at least.  It's a pretty good song.
Do you know who wrote it?
Justin didn't write it?
Nope.  It was Ed Sheeran.
Oh wow.  No wonder I liked the song so much.
Are you an Ed Sheeran fan?
I am.  I think he is so talented.
What's your favorite song by Ed?
I absolutely love "Shape of You."
It's such a good song.  The lyrics aren't great, but the music itself is well-written.
Agreed.  I wish Ed sang "Love Yourself" though instead of Bieber.
That would have been much better.  Apparently, Ed actually wrote that song with Rihanna in mind.
Wow.  Now THAT would have been truly great to hear.
For sure.  Rihanna has such range.
That version would be better than Bieber's any day.
I wonder if she has done a cover of it.
I guess it's time to go online to check!
Did you know that Chris Thile married Adalind from Grimm?
Really? Who's Chris Thile?
Oh, he's the mandolinist for the Punch Brothers.
The Punch Brothers?  Never heard of them.
Oh! They're this awesome bluegrass group.  Well, kinda bluegrass, but also different and way cool.
What kind of different?  I never thought you'd be into bluegrass music.
I used to think that, then I heard this new wave of bluegrass that's fun, edgy, and even a little jazzy.
Tell me more about it.  I'm a little curious.
Well, there's this one group called Yonder Mountain String Band.  They're pretty progressive, and I heard them break into a metal version of one of their songs with a banjo!
That's wild!  I always thought bluegrass was full of old-timey folks and hillbillies.
You'd be surprised.  You should give some of these newer progressive groups a try.  I bet you'd like them!
Can you recommend anything to me?
Of course!  Yonder Mountain just came out with a new album this month called "Love. Ain't Love."  I heard it's good.
You haven't listened to it yet?
Eh, not yet, but I love their album "Black Sheep".  It came out a few years ago.
Huh.  Interesting.  I'd want to hear something before I bought it though.  I am still surprised you like this banjo stuff.
Dude, it's not just about the banjos.  Yes, there are banjos, but it's really cool.  You-tube it, you'll see.
Maybe I will!  Oh wow.  I see they blacked at the Red Rocks Amphitheater.  That's such an awesome venue!
No kidding.  And these cool bluegrass groups play there all the time!  I think String Cheese Incident is playing there in a month or two.
There's a band called String Cheese Incident?  Now you're just making stuff up.
Have you listened to any Belle and Sebastian?
Can't say I have, are they a duo?
No they're a Scottish indie band, they're pretty good.
Why are they called that if there's more than two people? That's silly.
I think they're named after a French something, a kids' book maybe?
Bit of a weird name if you ask me.
Forget the name, listen to the music!
Woah, it looks like they've recorded a bunch of stuff. Where do I even start?
Well, "If You're Feeling Sinister" is their most famous album, and the track of the same name is probably a good intro.
Alright, I'll give that a listen.
But it depends what you're into
Just anything interesting.
Maybe you should try "Electronic Renaissance" then.
What's that?
A track from their first album, "Tigermilk". It's a bit quirky.
Okay, I'll try that.
How do you like it?
I recognise the intro. Is it a remix of something?
Pachelbel's Canon
Of course.
I want to talk about music
Okay sounds good
What do you like
I like some of everything
Oh okay
You?
I like everything too
Theres too much music to chose one thing
I completely agree with that
Or one person
Exactly
I like everything from country to rock
Me too
Pop is great
Yes i like katy perry
Shes fun
And her songs are fun too
So is meghhan trainor
Definitely
Cant get enough of her
Have you heard Shawn Mendes' most recent release?
Are you talking about, "There's Nothing Holding Me Back"? Yeah, I have!
I've been playing it on repeat the last few days. It's so catchy.
And the message is empowering, too.
It is, right? What other songs of his do you like?
I really like his track, "Stitches." I feel it captures what heartbreak feels like.
Yeah, I've heard that track, too. I think it was a really big hit on Spotify.
Yeah, it made one of the "top" lists! How did you first hear about it?
Oh, I heard another of his songs on the radio a few weeks back.
Which song was it?
It was "Treat You Better" from his album titled the same.
Oh, I actually don't like that song much.
Really? How come?
The melody is nice and all, but the lyrics just sound so whiny.
Right, the lyrics are mostly complaining about being friend-zoned by a girl.
Exactly. It's a message that's common in songs, but it still irritates me.
Well, if you like "There's Nothing Holding Me Back," he just recently released the music video for it.
Oh, really? I'll go check that out on YouTube then.
I wonder if he'll release any new songs in the near future.
Hmm, probably not, given he just released a new single two months ago.
What ever happened to Dizzee Rascal?
I don't know, isn't he still making music?
I don't think so. I haven't heard anything new in a while.
Hmmmm. Come to think of it, neither have I.
And you listen to grime all the time.
I do. Radio One for life.
For life.
So now I'm curious. What DID ever happen to Dizzee?
If I knew I wouldn't have asked, silly. I haven't heard anything from him since about a year after his concert.
Oh wow, memories! That show was so fun.
I know, we danced the whole night, remember that?
Yep. And if I recall correctly he was doing some flirting up there on stage.
Yes, indeed he was. Giving me and my droogs the old elevator eyes, am I right?
Right you are, matey. I think he rapped at us disrespectfully too though, so it kinda doesn't count.
Eh. I guess not.
Guys are dogs.
For life.
Still though. That was an excellent show and I haven't stopped loving grime.
Me neither. No worse for the wear, anyway.
So yeah. What ever happened to Dizzee Rascal?
Lets talk about music
Great topic
Thanks
Do you like nickel back
Yes i love them
They are a good band
And th eery have a lot of great songs
Yes they do
I lole their how yoi remind me song
Thats a good one
I also really like their animals song
That song is so fun
I really enjoy listening to it
I have their album
Me too
Every song is good
Yes it is
We need more bands like them
I completely agree
Thanks
What is the best music of all time?
The Beatles
Really? Are they rock?
Of course. You don't know them?
No, I only know current stuff
Do you know Taylor Swift?
Yes
Okay, well the Beatles were a rock band from the 60's and 70's. They are from Europe.
What part?
Liverpool
Who is their lead singer?
Actually they all sang, but Paul McCartney and John Lennon sang the most.
Who played the drums?
Ringo Starr
That is a cool name. Is that his real name?
No
I think I will check them out.
You should. They are great.
Do you like Taylor Swift too?
Yes I do. She has great songs.
Did you know that Nora Jones' real name is Geetali Norah Shankar?
Really. Cool name. What's the origin?
She's American, from Texas. Her dad was a well-known Indian sitar player, Pandit Ravi Shankar.
What's a sitar?
It's this interesting looking instrument. It resembles a guitar, but has a unique sound.
I can see Nora Jones comes by her musical gift naturally. What kind of music does she perform?
She is very diverse. She has done jazz, blues, pop, and country. It really is her own sound, though.
Would I know her music?
Come away with me is one of her more popular hits.
Oh yeah, that's a good one... real mellow sound.
Not only can she sing, but she plays piano and guitar.
She must have amazing talent.
She is one of the most talented musicians of her time.
Why don't I hear about her, then?
Nora Jones tends to be very private.
Has she received any recognition from the music industry?
Definitely, she has received a ton of awards.
what kind of awards?
She received platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America on August 22, 2002. She also won 5 grammy awards.
That pretty much lets you know she is incredible.
Hey, have you heard the new country station?
No, what type of songs do they play?
It's mostly new country hits, like Blake Shelton, Jason Aldean, stuff like that.
Oh wow, that sounds pretty good!  I love Blake Shelton.
Yeah I especially like his videos, too.
He just has a great voice overall, and his lyrics are always so catchy.
I know!  I can't help but like the older country hits, too, though.
Well yeah, Patsy Cline is hard to beat.
Yes, there aren't a lot of radio stations that play the old classic country.
I know, it seems like it's not as popular as you would think.  A lot of people overlook it.
Yes, and a lot of the newer country sounds more like rock music to me.
Seriously!  What about Dierks Bentley?
Yeah, he sounds like a rock musician.  I do like some of his tunes though.
Yeah but I think the classic country artists would be insulted!
What, that they're calling that music country?
Exactly!  It sounds like rock.
True.  Well, things always change over time.
Yes, but country music should still be preserved with its integrity as country.
Yes, I do agree.  That's why the classic country stations are great.
Yeah, they don't play that type of new rock country nonsense.
I have a friend whose boyfriend is in a heavy metal band.
That's interesting! Do you like heavy metal?
Personally, it's a little too intense for me.
Too much screaming, not enough singing, huh?
I wouldn't say that necessarily. It's just not my style.
Fair enough. So what kinds of music do you like?
I have a seriously weak spot for Broadway.
Oh, are you a fan of Phantom of the Opera?
Some of the songs, yes. But I really love some of the more recent musicals.
Like what?
Next to Normal is probably my favorite. It's basically a rock musical.
Sounds interesting!
I also have a big weakness for J-Pop.
Really? What are some of your favorite songs?
I love Closer by Joe Inoue.
Isn't that the same guy who wrote one of the Naruto theme songs?
Yup!
Do you like listening to anime theme songs particularly?
Sometimes. You have to admit, the Pokemon theme song is super catchy.
It really is.
Who is your favorite rap group?
If I had to pick one of all time, probably the Wu-Tang Clan
Who are they.  I haven't heard of them.
Are you serious? They were the rap group of the 90's and early 2000's
Who was in the group?
They had the Method Man, Ghostface Killa, U God, Ol Dirty Bastard, Rza, Gza, Rakwon the Chef, Inspecta Debt, and Masta Killa
I have heard of some of them. I love Method Man
Well, he was in the Wu Tang.
What was their first Album?
Their first album was Enter the Wu-Tang?
was it really good?
In my opinion, it is one of the best rap albums ever.  Their wasn't one bad song on there.
Really, it was that good?
Hell yeah it was.  Songs like Wu Tang Clan ain't nothin to Fuck with, Clan in da front, etc are Amazing.
What made it so good?
First, their lyrics were great.  They rhymed and flowed in a way the rap today does not.
Are they better than the Beastie Boys?
Another one of my all time favorites?  The actually rhymes are better, but different style.
I'll have to download the album.
I would highly recommend it.  Long live the Wu!
There have been a lot of deaths of famous musicians lately.
I know! Just the other day it was Gregg Allman of the Allman Brothers.
That was a great band right?
Sure was. I listened to them all the time.
I remember seeing them in concert at the Trenton State Fairgrounds in 1978 in NJ. That was a great concert.
Did anyone else play?
Yes, Santana. They were just becoming sort of well known at that point.
Sounds like a great concert.
Oh it was! Gregg Allman was so drunk on stage he could barely stand up but put on a great show none the less.
Sounds amazing! I wish I could have been there.
It was outside in the summer, hot day too. No seats so we were right up by the stage.
Really? By the stage?
Yes, security at concerts back then was nothing like today. Basically there was none.
The Allman Brothers had some great songs like Melissa, Whipping Post and Blue Sky.
They were some of my favorites too.
Eat a Peach was my favorite album.
That one was really good but the best was Live at Filmore East.
Oh yea! My sister saw them play there.
Boy if only we could go back in time.
I agree , there were some awesome bands in the seventies.
I need your help.
What's up?
I'm trying to figure out what the best cover song is.
What do you mean?
Well, there's a lot of cover songs out there, some of them are great, but some of them suck.
I think there's more that suck than not, but what are your thoughts on it?
Well, I agree that a lot suck, but sometimes the new artist completely takes over the song and makes it their own.
Alright, I see what you're getting at.
Like Hurt, for example.  Nine Inch Nails' version is awesome, but I think I prefer Johnny Cash's version.
Didn't Trent Reznor even say he liked Johnny Cash versions better too?
Yeah I think so.  It's so good.
Do you have any other examples?
Well, I think the greatest cover song is Respect by Aretha Franklin.
That was a cover?
Yeah! I found out a few weeks ago. Otis Redding sang it first.
Man I never knew that.
Yeah, even Otis Redding said it's her song now.
That must've meant a lot to her.
I'm sure it did, I doubt half of the people in the world know it's a cover.  You should look into more of them.
I sure didn't.  I'll definitely look into more of them.
Aerosmith is such a great band.
I love them too. They have so many great songs.
What is your favorite Aerosmith track?
"Dream On" is my favorite. I think it is one of the best songs ever written.
I prefer a different song by the band.
In that case, what is your favorite?
"Sweet Emotion" is my favorite song by Aerosmith.
Interesting! I love the chorus of that track.
But I am also a big fan of the song "Crazy"
I don't particularly like that song to be honest.
That's OK. We can agree to disagree.
Steven Tyler is the frontman of the band, correct?
Indeed he is! He used to be a judge on American Idol too.
He has crazy fashion sense. He is a very unique guy.
He is an excellent singer. He is probably one of the best around.
Does the band still perform?
They don't play as much as they used to. But they definitely still perform.
How old is Steven Tyler now?
I think he is 69 now.
Wow! I hope I can still perform when I am that old
Hey are you a big fan of Reggae?
I guess so.
You don't sound very excited about the question.
It's not that dislike Reggae, it just seems like its essentially one artist and it gets its own category.
Which artist?
Obviously Bob Marley.
What's the problem with that?
Well, what other genre is like that?
I dont know, but I think you're going to tell me.
Classic music has Beethoven, Mozart, Bach
Ok.
Rock has Led Zepplin, Metallica, Green Day.
I think I understand.
Reggae is probably the only music genre that is widely known for one person.
Come on, there are thousands of Reggae artists.
Name two not named Marley.
So I can't say Ziggy Marley?
No you can't.
I can't think of any.
My point exactly.
Do you like Stevie Wonder ?
I think he is the greatest artist alive.
What is your favorite song by Stevie ?
Wow it is so many. I can name his best album.
Ok what is Stevies best album ?
Songs in the key of life is the best.
Why that one ?
Every song on that album was a hit.
Did you like him with Motown ?
No I did not like him in the sixties.
How about now ?
I did not like that song he had with snoop.
What is the reason ?
Because he was around people somking weed. That is not what he is about.
So do you like the song overjoyed ?
Yes I listend to that all the time as a kid.
How about part time lover ?
That is also a good song.
Did you like the woman in red soundtrack ?
Weakness was the best on on the soundtrack.
So did you hear about Taylor Swift?
What, is she releasing a new album?
No, but it's almost as exciting as that!
Don't keep me in the dark, what happened?
Well, she has officially put her music back on spotify!
No kidding? I thought she had some kind of beef with the music companies.
Yeah, she'd said before that it was ripping off artists and you didn't make enough money from it.
Huh, why'd she change her mind?
I don't know, I haven't heard.
Well, I'll take the music anyway. Is she on Google Play too?
I think she was always with them, something to do with YouTube.
Ah, good to know. I'll look forward to listening to some of her old songs!
Me too, especially since I never owned a couple of them and so there will be songs I've never heard.
So it kinda is like her releasing a new album, at least in your case.
Yep! I can't wait to get some classic Tay back in my life.
You prefer her older music best?
I mean don't get me wrong, 1989 is great. But something about Tim McGraw will always be special.
It's probably just 'cause you grew up with it.
Haha, I guess, but I love that country twang.
I'll pull it up now for you, in that case!
How do you like Beyonce?
I think she is a bit over rated to be honest.
Really? How so?
She is more of artist, not so much a singer.
She has an amazing voice!
She has a decent voice, she is a performer not a singer.
Well who do you think is a singer then?
Mariah Carey, now she can sing.
I like her Holiday songs.
Her Christmas albums were beautiful.
Like "All I want for Christmas is You"?
Yes, that is one of the highest selling Christmas albums of all times.
But, Beyonce can sing and perform.
Mariah Carey also performs, she puts on a really amazing show.
Do you think she is better than Whitney Houston?
Vocal wise? No, they were equal.
What about her shows, who does you think was the better performer between the two.
Well, Whitney was a good actress. So her shows always had a lot of drama and story.
I would say Whitney, myself.
I would be inclined to agree her music and performance are a bit better.
Whatever happened to Alanis Morissette?
You know what, I don't know.
I was just curious because I haven't heard any new music from her recently.
Yeah, she kind of disappeared over the past 15 years.
I remember her last song from 2006, where she remade that Seal song.
Crazy? Right?
Yes, it was Crazy.
That does seem like a long time ago.
She came on the scene and rocked it out and then mellowed out.
Yes, I wonder if the mellowing out phase started to decline her career.
Her music was still good after she mellowed out, so I'm not sure.
She was into all that spiritual stuff. I wonder if that's why she also disappeared.
Yes, many of her songs when she mellowed out were about her trips to Asia.
The Thank You song was about India and her trip there.
Funny, how she just kind of disappeared.
Yes. I'm going to go look her up when I get home.
Same here. Maybe she is still making music.
Possibly. Sometimes popular artists continue to churn out albums but we never hear any of the songs because they aren't mainstream anymore.
I bet she has made music since 2006, but we never heard any of her songs.
Possibly. It will be interesting to see what ever happened to her.
Have you ever heard of the band Nirvana.
No I haven't what are they like.
It's a grunge band from the 90s. I really like their music.
What are they famous for, what's the name of the song.
It's called smells like teen Spirit.  It's really loud, disfunctional music. I think you would like it.
What other hits do they have so I can look them up.
You could look up heart shaped box.
Are they still around or do they have any new hits?
No the lead singer Kurt Cobain died. The drummer went on to create his own band.
What's the drummer's band name.
The Foo Fighters. They have some good music too.
Is it all 90s music? The same genre?
Yeah pretty much. The Foo Fighters are a little more calm than Nirvana.
What other bands are like them?
You could look up Blind Melon. Kurt Cobains wife's band was Hole.
Wow, his wife was in a band too?
Yeah it's interesting. There are a lot of documentaries you can look up on Kurt Cobain.
I'll look into a documentary. His music sounds interesting.
Let me know if you want more band names for grunge rock.
I totally will! Thanks for your suggestions!
So I bought the old pink cd
Yeah I have that one it's great.
Yes. I love her song like a pill
She has an awesome edgy voice
I agree. You can tell she puts her heart and soul in her songs
Let's get back to the boy band era
Yeah boy bands. I remember them. Especially nsync
They were like a phenomenon
Yup. My least favorite boy band was lfo.
I know right. They sucked. They only had a one hit wonder
Ha. I remember dancing to vanilla ice too.
Ice ice baby was a classic also
Who would you say is the best rap artist
I'm keen to 2pac. He had such a flow
I listened to the around the world with my boyfriend the other day
That song will most definitely get you moving
It reminds me of the blue song
I think the blue songs music video is funny
Yeah it glitches out.
They are like crazy blue aliens
What is your favorite music genre?
I would have to say rock & roll from the 60's.
Who is your favorite singer from that era?
No question, Elvis.
Why do you like Elvis.
Because he can sing any kind of song.
What is your favorite Elvis song?
Can't Help Falling In Love.
Do you have a second favorite song?
Yesm Just Pretend.
How about a third favorite Elvis song?
In The Ghetto
Any other singers you like from that era?
Yes, I really liked Neil Diamond.
What is your favorite Neil Diamond song?
Sweet Caroline.
How about a second favorite Neil Diamond song?
I would have to say Kentucky Rain.
Who is your favorite group from that era.
No question, it would be the Beatles.
What do you think of Rap Music?
I really do not care for it at all
I don't either. You cannot even understand half of what they are saying.
Yea, it does not even seem like music.
I like the music from the seventies. They had some great bands.
Sure did, Fleetwood Mac, The Rolling Stones, Grateful Dead and Bob Dylan to name a few.
Let's not forget the Beatles, Credence Clearwater Revival and The Band.
Wow.  I remember them all. They were all great!
Some great songs too, like Proud Mary by CCR and the Weight by the Band.
Yea definitely. And how about those Southern Rock bands like The Outlaws and Lynryd Skynrd?
They were some great bands too.
Todays music is nothing like it use to be.
It is either loud and screaming or you just cannot understand the words.
That is true.
No one will even remember most of these musicians years from now. They will remember a few like Taylor Swift or Beyonce.
Yes those who have really made a name for themselves.
The rest will be forgotten and maybe they should be.
You are not kidding.
I wish I could go back in time and see the bands from the seventies again.
Me too, that would be an experience.
What was Amy Winehouse's first album?
Frank.  It's more of a neo-soul album.
Is that the one that has the song Amy, Amy, Amy?
Yes.  It's really good.
I'm so sad that she died so young.
Such a tragedy. Kind of like Whitney Houston.
Yeah. They both had husbands who got them hooked on harder drugs.
And both husbands seemed to come out of it unscathed.
Have you heard her duet with Tony Bennett?
Yes.  She sounds so much like Billie Holiday.
I agree.  I also think that Lady Gaga sounds like Ella Fitzgerald.
I think so too.  She really had a beautiful voice.
Well, I think that Amy Winehouse sounds like Billie Holiday because they both had the same drug addiction.
But, they also both had great talent.
I have found some Youtube vidoes of Winehouse doing some older songs and they were great.
I have too. But, I don't like Beattles covers.
I don't either. Solo artists just don't capture it the same way.
The worst, honestly, was Motown sings the Beattles.
Yeah, the styles dont' match.
It's like Drake trying to sing.  Ha ha!
Who's your favorite composer?
What do you mean by composer? Do you mean songwriter?
No. A composer is someone who writes music, such as symphonies or cinematic film scores.
Oh. Well, I like John Williams, the composer of the Star Wars music.
That's a good example. What about classical music?
You mean classic rock, like The Beatles?
No, I mean fine art music like Beethoven and Tchaikovsky.
I don't know. I guess I wouldn't know the difference between one or the other.
It takes a while to develop a taste for classical music. Even though I was an orchestral musician, it took me several years to really appreciate a lot of different composers.
Yeah, I never got into it. It's basically what I think really old people listen to, like over 60.
That's not really true though. I bet there are some things you might like if you know the right stuff to listen to.
Yeah? like what?
Well, if you like the Star Wars music, you might want to try listenign to "The Planets" by Gustav Holst. All the sci-fi shows and movies pretty much borrow from that piece.
Is that so? So does it sound like a movie?
Yes, at times when listening to the piece it feels like you could be watching a space epic like Star Wars.
Why is it called "The Planets"?
The piece is comprised of several sections, called movements, that each musically describe the planets in our solar system, such as Jupiter and Mars.
How does music describe a planet?
Well, as you probably know, the planets were named after greek gods. For example, Mars was the god of war, so the Mars movement sounds like the kind of music in a movie about ancient battles.
That's cool. I'm curious enough to maybe try listening to it.
Have you heard Meshuggah's new album?
No.  What's it called?
It's "The Violent Sleep of Reason".  It came out last October.
Okay.  Have you heard it?
Oh, yeah.  I like most of the tracks on the album.
Really?  What does it sound like?
Well, it sounds like Koloss and Obzen, but more.. thrashy?
I get that.  What's you favorite track?
Oh, definitely Clockworks, for sure.  It's the first track.
Why is that you favorite?
It's an instant adrenaline rush for me; the song sets the tone for the entire album, and really gets you going.
I'll have to give it a listen sometime.
Definitely.  You'll also probably like Born in Dissonance; it's the second track of the album.
Why is that?
Well, Clockworks delivers really well on the instrumentals, but Jens Kidman kind of falls flat a bit on the vocals on the track.
I see.  And Born in Dissonance is better?
Definitely!  It's a tight, five-minute song that I have difficulty not listening to on repeat.
I'll have to give it a listen as well.  Really, the entire album is something I'll have to look into.
Definitely.  I really think you'll enjoy it if you've enjoyed any Meshuggah album over the last few years.
Cool.  Thanks for the recommendation!
I had MTV on this morning and they were actually playing music videos.
Wow, that's a surprise.
Yes, Bon Jovi was on.
He was one of their first artist they played.
Yes, back in the eightees.
Runaway was the first I believe.
That was a great song.
He has so many great songs.
Slippery When Wet was a good album.
There were a lot of good songs.
Bad Medicine is a good one.
Great.
He does a lot for the community too.
Yes and has sports teams.
Richie Sambora is a great musician.
Yes, he is.
Have you seen him in concert?
Yes, three times.
I only saw him once.
He was great in concert.
Have you ever heard of Black Veil Brides?
No, who are they?
They are a rock band.
No, never. Do they play anything on radio?
Not really. I guess if you could find a rock station that plays new stuff.
So they are a newer band?
They formed in 2006. I just heard of them about two years ago.
Why did you see a video or something?
No, my daughter.
Do they have any good songs?
Yes, actually a lot of them.
Tell me a few, maybe I'll give them a listen.
In the End is a great one.
Is that their newest?
No. It's from 2014.
Did you ever see them in concert?
Yes. Actually we saw them twice.
Did they sound good?
Yes, they did and put on a good show.
I'll check them out.
Hi! What are you doing today?
Today I plan to make a new playlist of my favorite songs.
What type of music do you like to listen to?
I like all types of music, but this will be a rock playlist.
Rock music.  I really enjoy rock music too!
Yes, rock isn't my favorite type of music, but I do like to listen to it when I work out.
Oh I bet that it gives you a lot of energy to work out to rock music.
Yep, that's the plan.  I listen to rock music to keep me moving.
That is a great idea!
I've always used rock music when I work out.  Right now I'm a little tired of my current playlist.
I know.  You need to add some Queen to your playlist.
Which song?
How about We are the Champions.  It is a must have at any athletic event.
I guess you are right.
Don't forget We Will Rock you too! I think those two songs are usually played together.
I think you are right.  I'll add them to my playlist.
Wow, you've inspired me to make my own work out playlist.
Good.  Maybe we could work on a list together and then I could share it with you.
I like that idea.  I have a few more suggestions.
Super!  Let's get started.
What kind of music do you like?
I generally like to listen to everything, except lately I've really been into country.
I used to like country but it seems like the recent stuff sounds more like pop than country.
Yeah, sometimes some artists pair with pop starts and it kind of takes away from the country feel.
Who have you been listening to recently?
I really like Luke Bryan right now! Have you heard of him?
I'm not sure I have heard of him. What songs does he sing?
One of my favorites is from a few years ago, it's called 'rain is a good thing'.
Now that you mention it, I might have heard that one on the radio. Who is the artists that sings that song about growing up and being like their dad?
Oh, that sounds like the Zac Brown Band song, my old man.
Yeah, that's it!
You like Zac Brown Band?
I do. A few years ago they had a number of songs I really enjoyed.
You know I saw them in concert two years ago?
Really?! Were they as good in concert as they are on the radio?
Seriously, it was one of the best concerts I've ever been to.
That's awesome. I wonder if they have any upcoming concerts?
Actually, I think they do.
I'm going to look online and see if I can find any country music concerts later this summer.
Great, let me know if you find any!
Hey man did i leave anything at your house last night
I am not sure if you had
I am looking for some things and i cannot seem to find  them.
What is missing
Well i had some music disks we were listening to last night i could not find now
Yeah i remember we jammed pretty hard
Yeah we listened to some good stuff
I always love listening to Judas Priest
I saw them live in 84
you did?
yeah one of the best concerts of all time
Must have been something special
I wish i could have recorded it back then just because it was such a joy
Such a shame that it could not back then easily
but yeah did i leave my Priest CDs over their
I am not sure i can look though for you
Thanks it is a big help
You can stop by if you want to look too
I might if i got time
Ok gotcha dude
Hi
Hi there
Want to talk about music?
Sounds good to me
Great I love music
Me too
What do you like?
I listen to country all the time
Me too, I'm listening to a country music radio station right now,
What's on?
My old man, by Zac brown band
That's such a great song
It is, it has a such good message.
Every dad should listen to this
It's a really powerful song
I really enjoy songs that have messages like that
Me too
Zac brown band is good in general
They are
I've always liked them
Who is the best guitar player?
Probably The Edge.
Who is that?
He plays in U2.
I love U2.
They are from Ireland I think.
How did they get so big in America?
Probably from radio play on popular stations.
What is your favorite song by them?
Probably The Streets Have No Name.
I like that one too. But it is not my favorite.
What is your favorite then?
Probably Beautiful Day
That song is wonderful.
But many people do not like their new music.
Those people are crazy. Their new music is great.
I agree. Not many bands have their kind of longevity.
Everyone in the group still performs so well.
I hope I can see them on their next world tour.
Me too!
Have you heard the new Empire of the Sun album?
I've only heard one single from it on the radio. Is it good?
It's pretty decent. Much more like their first album than the second one.
Oh cool! I liked the first album a lot, but the second one was a little too electronic for my tastes.
I kinda agree. The second album felt like they had jumped on the whole Calvin Harris bandwagon.
That style of dance music was everywhere a few years ago.
Right, and I don't think there's anything wrong with expanding your style musically, but being trendy seems a little desperate.
So, what else have you been listening to lately?
I really like the new Spoon album.
I love the song Hot Thoughts. That's the title track, right?
Yeah, it is. They seem really rejuvenated since they took that long break after Transference.
They needed a break. Transference was terrible!
It wasn't terrible. It was just kinda mediocre compared to their other albums. Spoon really hasn't had a bad album.
I agree with that. I was exaggerating a bit about Transference. Spoon is a very solid band.
Yeah, they are! Not many bands can consistently bring out album after album of good material.
I can only think of a few. LCD Soundsystem, The National, and Arcade Fire all come to mind.
I am so excited about the new LCD Soundsystem album!
It's supposed to come out soon, right?
Pitchfork reported that it should be out within 6 weeks.
Good. That's going to make my summer.
It was old school music day at work today.
That sounds cool. Was it fun?
Yes it was. I really enjoyed the music they played.
You enjoyed it? I didn't think you were into old music.
I didn't I would like it either but you know they made some good music way back when.
It's better than the stuff you hear on the radio today.
You are not lieing.  I really like a song by the name of Head Over Heels.
By Tears for Fears? I love that song.
I knew you would have heard of them, mom.
Boy, that was my generation. I grew up listening to and loving that song.
I can see why. Some incredible music came out of the 80's.
I think the best music came from that decade.
I don't know about all of that but I do know Tears For Fears made some beautiful music.
Have you heard their song,Everybody Wants to Rule the World?
I googled them at work and I watched their videos on you tube.
What did you think of it?
That song rocks. The beat, the melody, everything was perfect.
I am so glad to hear you say this.
Why?
Because I have been telling you for years that my music was worth listening to. I feel vindicated!
Do you use spotify?
I do.
What are some of the last songs on your spotify?
Ode to Sleep by Twenty One Pilots, California High by Billy,  and Wicked Game by James Vincent Mcmorrow.
Ahh, we have different taste I think.
What are yours?
I was last listening to Britney Spears, The Spice Girls and The Backstreet Boys.
Oh, was it a 90's playlist?
No, I just really like 90's music.
I see.
Yeah, Britney Spears is my Idol.
Oh why?
Her music is pop but it makes me feel really good.
I think that's how music should be. I cry every time I hear James Vincent Mcmorrow's version of Wicked Game.
Actually cry?
Yes. Music is so emotional for me.
Wow, Oops I Did it Again has never done that.
But you like it, it makes you happy.
Yeah.
Thats how music should work.
Have you ever seen Rush?
Yes. I'm actually a big fan.
How many times have you seen them live?
Many times. More than five.
When did you first see them live?
Back in the 1980s.
Which tour?
I think it was Hold Your Fire. It might have been Power Windows.
That's a long time ago!
Indeed. Over thirty years now.
What other bands do you like?
Pretty much ones in the same vein as Rush. Power rock.
How about progressive rock? Isn't that similiar?
Somewhat. I do like progressive groups as well.
Such as?
Yes, ELP, Triumvirat. Those types of 1970s groups.
Did you ever get the chance to see any of those groups?
Only ELP. And that was back in the very early 1990s.
Neat! How did you like it?
It was as great as I expected!
sup mate,what you up to?
nothing much ,watching mtv
your parents in?
nah, am alone, you coming over to mine?
not immediately,i'm just heeding from work so need to freshen up and all that before i can holla at you.
okay no worries then
oh yeah i had wanted to ask what's the beef between weekend and wizkid all about
oh that, its kinda childish to me on weekends part
why do you say so?
wizkid had been known as starboy for over 5 years before weekend did this new song "starboy" and then starts saying he's the real starboy.
i do not see it that way though,with what i understand about it, it was wizkid who took to twitter and like he's the real starboy on the same day weekend release the single "starboy"
hmm really he did that?
yeah, that was were i think the whole beef might i sprang from
funny though they both do different kind of music,weekend rnb and wizkid afro-pop so don't see why the competition
these days one can't tell, it might just be a marketing stunt to promote the single which is not really doing well.
that's some thought, they might just be aware what's what their doing
true because it all started on the starboy single release day,so might have been planned.
i'm not swayed though, i still don't like either of them,staying true to my raggae root hehe
oyeah rastaman hahaha
i wouldn't mind that hahaha
Hey, what do you think of the Termites.
Who are the Termites?
They're the one's that do that new song called "We are"
Hmm, don't sound familiar.
You know, "we are eveybody"
Oh, yeah, I've heard that.
Yeah, it's on the radio all the time.  I can't get the darn thing out of my head.
It's pretty catchy.  Have you heard anything else they've done?
No.  Just that.
I'll have to check em out on Napster.  I'd like to hear some more.
Me too.  They got an original sound that I really like.
Yeah, the horns really wail in the background.  Come's through just right.
I like the guy's voice too.
Yeah, a bit gravely.  Like, ol' ... what's his name
Eddie Money?
Yeah, something like him.  I really like his music.
Oh, yeah, me too.  I've seen him a couple times in the old days.
Really, I never did.  Like to though.
Well, I'd sure like to see the Termites.
Wonder when they are coming to town?
So do you like Bruno Mars?
That depends on what you mean by that.
What do you mean?
Well, I like a lot of his old songs, but I really don't like any of his new pieces.
Really? You don't like 24K?
Honestly I find that one super annoying.
But the beat is so good!
I guess, I just think the lyrics are obnoxious.
Well, what about That's What I Like?
I like it better than 24K, but I still think it's kind of obnoxious.
Do you not like confidence or something?
I do, but there's confidence and there's arrogance, you know?
I guess. What of his old music do you like?
I'm a big fan of When I was Your Man.
Ah, you like slower songs.
That, and also I think it's just a better piece of music.
It does have a good melody, I suppose.
Oh! And of course, I like Just the Way You Are.
Well, at least we agree on something I guess!
Haha, sorry, I guess he's just not my favourite.
Hi.
Hello.
What's going on?
Same old Same old.
Gotcha, same here.
We're talking about music now right?
Yeah that's right.
Okay, what kind of music do you like?
That's a big question.
Take your time.
I like classical and opera, rock, jazz, anything really.
Wow that is different.
Yeah.
Whats up with classical and opera?
My parents liked it a lot and it rubbed off on me.
Oh I see.
Yeah.
I'm the same way with the music I like.
What music is that.
Oldies.
Have you heard of the band, Spoon?
Yes. I listen to them occasionally. They come up on my Pandora stations a lot.
Have you listened to their albums?
Somewhat. I know I like Gimme Fiction and They Want My Soul especially.
Have you heard their new album?
I haven't yet. But I've heard the hype about it. Do you like it?
I'm a little disappointed. I loved their last album and listened to it endlessly.
What did you not like about it?
It seemed to be very synth motivated and overworked.
What do you mean by overworked?
It was overproduced. They had someone else master this particular album and it just ended up to "busy" for my tastes.
I'm curious. Who was the one that mastered it?
I can't remember his name. But, he's known for doing all the Flaming Lips albums.
Oh! I love the Flaming Lips and all their albums. I'm wondering why the same formula didn't work for Spoon.
I think it's because Spoon is at it's best when there is a lot of space. They are known for that/
That makes sense. I love Britt's gritty guitar.
Agreed. Which is why I don't like this album nearly as much as the others.
But that's their signature! Are you telling me that there's no dirty guitar on this album?
Pretty much. That's what I'm telling you. It's all synth, really poppy, and super busy. It's A LOT of sounds but no guitar.
I'm going to go check it out. It sounds like they got misled from their path by signing on with this studio engineer.
What's up with that guy from Soundgarden dying last month?
I know, too many musicians commit suicide.
Kurt did the same thing.
Kurt?
Kurt Cobain from Nirvana.
Oh, yeah, that band.
What's that mean?
Oh, just Nirvana weren't the first to be signed out of the scene.
Yeah, Soundgarden were.
Yup.
It's sad he's dead now.
Yes, was he working on a new album?
I don't know, you sound like the Soundgarden expert.
I don't know either.
Kurt's lyrics were more poetic, especially on his tapes.
Yes, I agree, Soundgarden were more pop.
Kurt wrote "School" from Bleach about Soundgarden
Oh? How so?
Well it's all about conformity, in high school and on the record label. He said he could have called that song "Pearl Jam" or "Soundgarden" as well.
You can hear the Tad influence in that album.
Do you like Gospel music ?
I love gospel music I was raised in church.
What is you favorite artist ?
I wouls say James Cleveland
Why him ?
Well I like old school gospel and he was the best
Name some songs you like
Peace be still is a great one
Any more good stuff ?
Jesus is the best think that ever happend to be has to be his best song.
Dont it dover Gladys Knight ?
Yes and he did it well.
Do you like any of todays gospel music ?
Tlyer perry has some nice music out a=on his movie soundtracks
Yes he is good
I think I like to still with the old time religion music
Like Rev. Clay Evans ?
I grew up in his choir singing in his choir.
so you were on some of his albums ?
I played horns on his Amen song.
Can you guess who  I've really grown to like as a singer and musician?
No, who?
Miley Cyrus
You mean that kid who played Hannah Montana?
Well yes, but that was a long time ago. She's come a long way since then.
Wasn't she a judge on The Voice last season?
Right, she was,and that's when I realized how great she was.
What do you mean?
Well, she is a true musician-not just a singer-songwriter. She knows her stuff.
How old is she now?
She's about 24 I think, but wise beyond her years as far as coaching singers and music goes.
I heard her sing Jolene once and it was excellent.
I like her cover of that song. Did you know Dolly Parton is her godmother?
No, talented family.
Do you remember all the grief she was getting for Wrecking Ball?
Oh yeah, like Madonna and Taylor Swift and every other young female singer didn't go through a finding themselves period too
That's what I thought too and I'm glad we were right. She's matured a lot vocally.
I think she can do just about any kind of music now. She's got the chops and the feel and the understanding of music.
That's what I was thinking too and her new song proves it. She's maturing and doesn't need to stay locked into one type of  music.
Do you mean the song Malibu? Love that song. It's different and mature.
Have you heard of the musical group, Gojira?
No. What kind of music is it?
They are a relatively new metal band.
What type of metal?
You could say they are somewhat progressive and possibly post-metal. They have a unique sound.
Who are they similar too?
I would say they are somewhat similar to Meshuggah and Mudvayne.
They're like Meshuggah? Are they "djent" sounding?
No I wouldn't put them in that category.
It sounds like they might be good. Why are they called Gojira?
Gojira is the original japanese name for Godzilla. Their music talks about saving the earth and Godzilla (or Gojira) was a force to protect the Earth.
That's kind of cool. Are they a good band?
I think they are one of the best sounding bands, although they don't get to technical with virtuoso riffs and such. The lead singer has a very powerful voice for metal.
Are they an American group or foreign?
They are actually from France. You would never know that just from listening to them, though.
A French metal band? That's interesting.
I think metal has become pretty big in France as of late, although I don't now of any other really good French bands personally.
I don't either. Which album do you think I should listen to?
I would probably start off with "The Way of All Flesh."
That sounds pretty intense. I'll have to check it out.
Let's do a random music discussion.
How's that work?
Open your iTunes to your general library.
Got it.
Now, scroll up and down a bunch of times with your eyes closed. Then, select a song and tell me what it is.
I got "Courante" by Jim Self.
Umm, what is that?
It's a movement for tuba solo.
Can you go again?
No, this was your thing. Now, discuss.
Okay.. what is a courante?
A courante is one of the many movements of a standard Baroque dance suite.
What are the other movements?
Courante, Sarabande, Jig, Bourée, air, gavotte, allemande. Sarabande is the most well-known.
So what are the musical characteristics of a Courante? What will I hear if I listen to this?
It's in triple meter, and is very stately and serious.
Triple meter?
That just means three beats, like in "America the Beautiful"
And how is it serious?
There's a big rhythmic emphasis on all of the beats per measure, with some ornamentation between the downbeats. So there's always a grounding.
Have you heard the new Eminem song?
No, I haven't.  Is he still popular these days?
Yes he is.  His new song is brilliant.
Is there a good melody incorporated into the song?
Yes.  The melody is from an old Queens song, we are the champions.
Sounds cool.
It is.  And he adds he awesome lyrics which sounds like poetry.
I look forward to listening to it.
It has a political theme.  Something to really make you think.
So, it makes you reflect on current events?
Sort of.  His message is enlightening for today's youth.
I just hope it doesnt make kids get angry and start to protest.
No, its not intented for that.  The chorus of the song gave me the chills.
He has that kind of effect on me as well.
I really like a part in the beginning.  Its just a piano playing 3 chords and he is rapping.
Cool.  Does he play the piano as well?
I don' think so, but he is pretty talented.
I like when he raps very powerfully and quickly towards the ending of a song.  Such intensity.
I agree.  Just be on the lookout for that song.  You will love it.
Ok. Sounds good.  Thanks for the heads up.
What is your opinion of Nickleback?
I think they have gotten a bad rap and are a really talented group.
I tend to agree, I have listened to them since I was young.
I don't really understand why people act like they are so bad.
They have basically become a meme.
They may have a bit of pop sound and sing about some silly stuff sometimes but they are certainly very talented.
I agree, I actually still enjoy listening to their music sometimes.
The singer Chad Kroger basically sacrificed his vocal cords to entertain people.
I know, I think he had a cyst on his vocal cords surgically removed.
How does that even happen?
I don't know, I remember about a decade ago a doctor said that his vocal cords would not last another seven years if he kept singing the way he does.
Well it seems he is still singing, they just put out a new song.
Yeah, I gave it a listen but I wasn't a big fan of it.
Me too, it seems like they have just run out of ideas and that special something that their music had ten years ago seems to be gone.
Its a sad thing to see something so great kind of fade away into obscurity to the point they are just a joke now on the internet.
Ten years ago they were on top of the billboard charts.
I think they should focus on leaving on a high note and if they still need to make an income there are probably dozens of ways for them to do that considering their level of fame.
I don't know, I think they should keep doing what they love.
I don't disagree, I just feel like they are going downhill.
Who knows, maybe their new album will have some decent songs.
Hey whats crackin my friend
Just getting ready for tonigh
What is going on tonight?
Got some band practice
Oh do you tonight?
Yep gotta practice for next weeks show
Sounds fun
It is one of my favorite things
I actually did not know you were in a band.
Oh i thought i had  told  you
Nah not at all
Well i am sorry man
When is your show?
It is next saturday
Is it your first
yep my first show i will be playing drums
Well i will make sure to come out the
Good man i need the support
You got it bro
I hope so man
Are you into progressive rock at all?
What is progressive rock?
You might be familiar with it from bands like Yes, Rush and Pink Floyd.
I'm definitely familiar with Pink Floyd, but haven't listened to Rush or Yes, although I've heard of them. What makes the music so "progressive"?
I think the term is used because some bands from the 60s and 70s experimented with a lot of styles and sounds to try and create very unique music. Progressive music is also characterized by a high degree of musical prowess.
What kind of musical prowess do you mean? That's kind of vague.
You're right. In the case of progressive rock, it has more to do with the instrumental parts and the highly-developed abilities of the performers.
You mean they can play a lot of notes, basically?
There's the technical ability, and it's also the willingness to expand the chord structure and use different time signatures and rhythms.
So it's much more complex, kind of like progressive jazz?
That's exactly right. In fact, progressive rock has a very obvious influence from jazz that you can hear in the music at times.
Which bands do you think really epitomize this kind of music?
I think some of the less mainstream bands are more progressive sounding. Bands like Gentle Giant, King Crimson and Yes are much more complex and experimental sounding.
Which albums do you think are good examples of this.
Well, if you like Pink Floyd, you will find that some of their earlier albums, before Dark Side of the Moon, are much more experimental. A good example is Ummagumma.
That's a weird name. It sounds like something a caveman would say.
In general, I would say the late 60s and early 70s is a time of experimentation and you will hear albums with some really weird stuff going on.
What else do you think characterizes this music style?
Well, in the mid 70s I think these bands became more serious and started releasing albums with long tracks that were up to 20 minutes long. Rock was transforming into a fine art genre, but people began to lose interest and sales dropped.
That's always the case. When an artform progresses to a more sophistocated level, it takes more specialized people to appreciate it.
Have you ever seen the extended version of the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Of course! I own both versions.
Which music is better?
They're the same, dude.
No, they're not.
Yes, they are. How are they not?
Howard Shore wrote the music for the extended versions, and they were edited for the released version in theaters.
So he wrote 4.5 hours of music to only have it be 3?
Yeah, thanks to production who thinks we can't handle long movies.
So, what difference does that make?
Well, shore is like Wagner.
He uses leitmotifs?
Yes, and he even says which is which in his writings.
Okay, and?
Well, the music makes far more sense when played in the extended version as everything is in its right place.
Were they basically plucking themes out of thin air and putting them into the score?
Essentially.
Know what's crazy, then?
What's that?
The music still works, it's still beautiful, and it fits. Even when it's not what he intended.
Do you know the song "Boondocks"?
I don't think so, who sings it?
It is by a group called Little Big Town.
I don't think I've ever heard of them.
Oh, you should listen to them sometime, they're a great country band.
I might do that, is it all girls in the group?
No, it's 2 girls and 2 guys in the group.
That's cool, I will check their music out.
Yeah, you'll have to listen to Boondocks. It fits your personality.
Why do you say that?
Because it is about living in the Boondocks like you do!
You're right I do live in the Boondocks.
All four of them also alternate as lead singers which is pretty cool.
Yeah sounds cool,  they all must be pretty talented.
Yeah, and one of the girls from the group also does a duet with Luke Bryan.
What's it called?
It's called Home Alone Tonight.
I think I have heard that one, I like Luke.
Yeah I love Luke Bryan, they opened for him at a concert I went to.
I would love to see Luke in concert!
What kind of music do you like?
I like all kinds of music, except country.
Really? I love classic rock!
Nice, anyone specific? I love Queen!
Yeah, Queen is awesome, I'm glad they still tour.
Even with a new leader singer?
Well, I think they did what they have to, and spent time finding someone good enough to replace Freddie.
That's cool, who else do you like?
I also love Billy Joel.
That's a bit different than Queen, haha!
Yes, but I grew up listening to him.
Well, he is a classic.
Yeah. I saw him in concert in NYC a few years ago.
How was the show.
Surprisingly, it was really good. His voice has held up well unlike some of the other old singers.
Yeah like the Rolling Stones.
Oof, yeah. I mean, they're honest about the things they've done and how they've treated their voices though.
True, and hey at least they're still going.
Yeah, I've got to appreciate that they still want to rock.
I hope I'm still doing that at their age!
I need to find me something new
What is this new thing you need?
Many things to be honest
Well what are you referring to right now?
I need new music because i am tired of listening to the same old thing
Oh that is always a must we always need a break of old music
Can you help me with this please
Well i can try to help you
Thanks i am kinda just in need of finding some
Well what kinda tastes do you got
I like mostly everything to be honest
Well i can go underground and give you some bands
Well that is the sort of thing i was looking for
Exactly what  i wanted to hear
Well give me some
How about  a band called WulfHook and Genocya they are good
Well  i can give those ones a listen they might be good
I can assure you they are good
Well i will come back if you are wrong
I bet  you i am right now
Have you heard of The Mamas and The Papas?
I think I have heard a few of their songs....is that the group that sings Monday Monday?
Yes, they are one of my favorite musical groups from the sixties.
What is your favorite song by them?
California Dreamin, it has such an eerie feel to it, but I love it.
Whatever happened to them?
Well, they had some controversy amongst the group, love triangles and affairs supposedly, and they broke up.
That's too bad.
Yes, and unfortunately Mama Cass (Cass Elliot) died in the 70's, so a reunion was never possible.
Why does it feel like a lot of the really talented musicians from that era died too soon?
I know! One of my other favorites, Buddy Holly, is another one who was gone too soon.
What happened to him? Drugs?
No, he was killed in a plane crash.
Wow, tragic. I assumed drugs because there were so many who died from drug related complications.
Like Jimi Hendrix?
Yes, and Janis Joplin.
What are some of your other favorite oldies groups?
I like the Beach Boys, their music makes me happy...it's usually pretty upbeat.
My dad loved the Beach Boys, they were around for quite awhile.
Yes, Surfin USA is a classic, let's go to the beach!
What do you think of Amy Vachal?
Her name sounds familiar...
She was one of the finalists on the Voice for Team Adam!
Oh right, the jazz singer?
Yes, she is amazing!
I agree.  What about Justin Bieber?
I really like his new song, Despacito.
Me too, it's pretty neat.
He didn't have a noticeable accent at all in his Spanish.
Definitely, it's also a beat that I can dance to at parties.
Likewise.  Maroon 5 is another great band.
Oh yes, I really enjoy their pop music.
They have been around for quite some time now.
Right! Started when I was younger.
Do you like The Weeknd?
I think he's a great singer.
He has a mixture of Bruno Mars and Michael Jackson to me.
I agree, he is a combination of both.
Oh how I miss Michael Jackson!
He was a legend.
I'm putting a mixtape together for my boyfriend.
How nice!  What's the occasion?
His birthday.  Have any thoughts?
Will it be romantic then?
Yeah a little.
Must be Talking to an Angel, Annie Lennox.
Good one!
Octopus's Garden, the Beatles.
It's cute, I'll go for that.
Sia's Chandelier.
So beautiful, alright.
Kylie Minogue, Can't Get You Out of My Head.
You can dance to that one.
In the Arms of the Angel, Sara McLoughlin.
Ooh, love her.
Great. Some Elton John, Tiny Dancer maybe.
Maybe. What else?
David Bowie.  Flight of the Conchords.
What about Flight of the Conchords.covering David Bowie?
Even better.
Do you think this needs more bass?
Sir, i dont know you and you are standing way too close to me. Please turn your music down.
Brother, this volume is only going higher. Lend me your ears!
Please move away from me.
Feel the rhythm in your bones!
I'm leaving.
Wait, please dont go. I just want your opinion on my track!
Well for starters, its too loud. And has too many expletives.
Im just expressing myself.
You can express yourself somewhere else for all I care.
You dont like my music?
I do not.
What kind of music turns you on ma' man?
I listen to jazz. Free form.
Right on, I can dig it.
I can't stand this rap nonsense you are trying to peddle to me.
You sir, are ignorant. I am just telling it like it is.
Well try telling someone else, preferably not at a bus stop.
Thanks for your ears, brother. Want to buy some weed?
I'm calling the cops.
Hi there, what kind of music have you been listening to lately?
Hi, and I've been listening to a lot of instrumental music.
Without any words?
Well without any singing really or singers.
Is that mainly like classical music?
No not quite. Some stuff sounds pretty classical though.
What's your favorite instrumental song?
I'm not sure, but I like a lot of electronic instrumental stuff.
Like techno?
Sure some techno instrumentals are good, like Daft Punk.
They're pretty popular I've heard.
Definitely, especially now since they've been doing a lot of songs with guest artists.
What other bands have good instrumental stuff?
C418 is one of my favorites, they're really really good.
They do Minecraft music right?
Yeah they did the music for Minecraft, that's what they're most famous for.
What else have they done?
Music that's pretty similar, lots of classical kinds of piano pieces and good melodies.
I liked what's in Minecraft so I'll probably like the other stuff that they've done.
I think you would, give the Beta album a good listen through. It's very long though.
So, what are some other "feel good" music titles you like?
Well, one I really enjoy is "Reach Out" by Cheap Trick
Dunno if I've heard that one.
Well, I'm only aware of it because it was on the movie Heavy Metal.
Wasn't that the weird animated movie from the early 80s?
Exactly.  It's really nice and upbeat and got the whole "you can take on the world" type beat to it.
That's neat.
Sadly, most like that just doesn't seem as popular today as it was.  I suppose there's just too much cynicism going on in today's world.
Well, I don't know, we got Katie Perry's, "Firework" .
Oh, yeah, that's another song you could add to the list. Oh, and "The Middle" by Jimmy Eat World
Ahhh. yeah, that was big when I graduated high school.  "It's just takes some time, little girl, you're in the middle of the ride..."
Hehe... "Everything, everything, will be just fine..."
That reminds me, did they ever had a hit besides that song?
Uh... probably, but I really couldn't tell you what it is.  That can be a problem when you have a REAL popular song you're known for.
Yeah, cause everyone keeps comparing all your next songs to that one.
Yep. and you can get stuck in this rote of not being able to "break out" of that one hit.
I've heard there's some artists that got so sick of their hit songs that they actually REFUSE to play them anymore in concert.
Yeah, I've heard that story as well.
For instance, I'm told the Beastie Boy REALLY hate their song “(You Gotta) Fight For Your Right (To Party)”
Wow, didn't know that.
It's a shame that musicians need to also be business people more than ever these days.
What do you mean?
Well, so much creative energy is lost when a musician needs to focus so much on promotion.
Don't they have other people to do that?
The few at the top do. The rest of us need to spend a lot of time promoting ourselves.
That isn't much different from the past.
Well, it is different because the technology and knowledge needed to do so now is very complicated.
What is so complicated?
One must become familiar with how to use many social media platforms, build web sites, and then make sure they are found.
Lots of people do that.
Perhaps, but it has gotten over my head. Have you ever watched a video about maximizing SEOs?
No. What's SEO?
SEO refers to Search Engine Optimization.
Is that so difficult?
You wouldn't think so, but once you delve into it a bit the complexity becomes overwhelming.
How so?
There are tricky strategies, discovering that you need to spend lots of money paying for placement and ads, and it still remains a large risk.
Well, that's what people need to do for anything these days.
For a musician or artist, this is very draining in terms of creative energy and time, making it hard to focus on one's music.
I guess that's just how it is if you want to try to make a living as a musician these days.
So have you heard Mandisa's new hit?
No I haven't.
She put a new hit out.
I haven't heard from her in awhile.
Apparently, she was through a serious depression.
What Mandisa? I love her and she always seems so happy.
From what I heard it was serious.
She never really seemed as if she was depressed.
That was part of what she was saying on the radio the other day. She was able to put a face on and nobody knew.
You would think those close to her would have known. But I mean she seems to have it all.
She went on to say that she had gained a lot of her weight back and that sent her into a very dark place.
So those close to her didn't even know?
No, that is what she went on to say. For the longest time she faked it.
Depression can put you into a real bad spot. So how did she overcome it?
She had lots of prayer and she got some counselling.
Amazing how she seemed to have it all. Fame and wealth.
Just goes to show that depression can hit anyone at anytime
I would say so.
Her new song she tells of how she has overcome her illness. And how she has come through.
I can't wait to hear it.
You hear any new music lately?
yeah, a little. that future remix with kendrick is good
yeah, I heard that too. future's tough
ice off his new album is ridiculous
Ice Ice Ice...the one with juicy j right?
yep, he kills everything he's on, too. albums always suck, but he's a killshot for guest appearances
i've also been messing with kodak black a lot
yeah, drowning's my stuff.
a boogie with the hoodie is similar to that
trap music in general has been hot for a while
lil uzi vert has dropped 2 legit classics in the last year
I DON'T EVEN CARE IF YOU CRYYYYYY
right? that song is ridiculous
and "now I do what I want"
yep, and the song with playboy carti "woke up", that beat...
puts me in a good mood immediately every time
crazy how much I've gotten into the new wave, I used to be an old school person
oh me too, but the old school doesn't put out any new albums
true, never thought about it like that
1990's are still the golden age, but yeah.
Did you hear that Chris Cornell died?
Yeah, I heard. I don't really know much about him or his music though.
Oh my God. How do you know know about Chris Cornell? He is only one of the best rock musicians of our generation.
What was so great about him?
He was only one of the architects of the grunge movement. Maybe you remember that song from when we were younger called "Blackhole Sun?"
That song was everywhere! That was him? I didn't know that. I love that song.
Yeah, that was the band that he was in called Soundgarden. And do you remember the song "Cochise?"
You mean the one with all the mechanical gear songs building to that awesome creshendo of heavy hitting rock? I love that beat. I really rocked out to that!
Yeah, that was him, too. The man was a genius.
What group was that? Was that Soundgarden?
No, that was his more recent group, Audioslave.
What other hits did they have?
That song "Show me how to Live" was also theirs.
Oh, I liked that one too.
You know, he wasn't just in bands. He was also a pretty prolific solo artist. He recorded a theme for a James Bond movie called "You Know my Name"
That was the theme of Casino Royale, right?
Yeah. Good movie, even better soundtrack.
Wow, I guess I like Cornell's music more than I thought. I'm going to have to go back and listen to some more of his stuff.
Yeah. I've been immersing myself in his music lately. It is so sad that there won't be any more hits from such a great artist. The man will always be a legend in the world of rock.
Yeah, but at least we have such a large bank of his hits to enjoy. That powerhouse voice will live on forever.
What kind of music did you listen to in high school?
I liked new wave, post-punk, punk. How about you?
Heavy metal.
Ha. I would of hung out with you in the parking lot.
Ha. What bands specifically did you like?
I was really into The Cure, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Joy Division.
The Cure was so lame. Are you embarrassed?
No. I mean, I don't like anything made after Disintegration, but that album and everything prior to that is solid.
I will have to take your word for it.
What kind of metal were you into ?
Metallica
Yeah. I liked Metallica, too. I loved Ride the Lightening and And Justice for All....
Classics!
Totally. I used to listen to Danzig, too.
Mother. Tell you children not hold my hand. Oh mooooother!!!!!
Yes. Still holds up after all these years! Best song.
Do you still listen to the same kind of music?
Yes. I still listen to the same music but my taste has expanded.
Yeah. I wound up getting really into harp music.
Seriously?!
Hi.
Hello.
How are you?
Well and you?
Not too bad.
Good.
You a big music fan?
Yeah I like music sure.
Cool, what kind of genre do you like the most?
I listen to a lot of stuff, all kinds of genres.
Oh really? Like what.
I like rock, blues, hip hop, rap, edm, you name it.
Oh wow, that is a lot.
I'm all over the map.
Yeah it looks like it.
Basically, if it sounds good I will listen to it.
That seems like a pretty good way to go about it.
What about you?
I'm like pop music a lot.
Oh okay.
Are you into Hip Hop?
Not much, but I did see an interesting documentary on it.
Oh, yeah? What was that about?
It's origins.
It started in the 80's, right?
No, before that.
When?
Like early to mid 70's.
No way!
Apparently it started in the New York club scene.
Rap?
Not really. Mostly just the beats, but the lyrics were far behind.
Why hadn't I ever heard of that?
It didn't really go mainstream until the 80's.
That makes sense.
The first big spotlight was a song by Blondy.
No way!
It's true.
What was that like?
She composed a rap about Grand Master Flash.
Do people even listen to the radio anymore?
I try to, every time I'm in the car. But I just end up turning off the radio, feeling frustrated and annoyed.
Why do you feel frustrated?
Because all the stations play the same songs over and over. I swear if I hear Adele sing, "Water Under the BREEDGE" one more time... Just say BRIDGE!
Very funny. Yeah she is very overrated. I mean she has a beautiful voice and all, but....
But the truth is her songs are boring as hell. She only really had two good ones, "Rolling in the Deep" and "Someone Like You".
But everything she releases seems to be a hit.
People don't know any better! That's all they hear, day in, day out. They're brainwashed by advertisers into thinking this is talent.
Hmmm.. that could be true.
And all the classic rock stations I listen too.. they play the same songs by the same bands over and over!
For example?
The Rolling Stones, Led Zeppelin, Journey and The Eagles. Oh and lately there's been a Def Leppard revival but only with their worst songs.
You should start your own radio show.
If I did, my playlists would be radically different. I'd teach people about classics that haven't been done to death.
So if you did do your own classic rock radio show, you wouldn't play any Stones or Led Zep?
I might, but I wouldn't be caught dead playing, "You Can't Always Get What You Want" or "Stairway To Heaven". And no Aerosmith either?
You wouldn't play any Aerosmith? They're one of the biggest bands in the world.
Unfortunately. I might play Dio's cover of "Dream On", which in my opinion is superior to the original.
Is it? I'll have to check that out.
You can find it on youtube, you'll see what I mean..... radio needs something new to keep it going into the new era...
So, who is your favorite band?
I think my all time favorite is The Pixies.
Oh yeah, I like them a lot too.
As soon as I heard them, I knew they were amazing.
I know Frank Black has an incredible voice!
Who is your favorite band?
I gotta go with Tool.
Wow. Good call.
I've listened to them for forever it seems like.
They have been around a really long time.
They really have stood the test of time.
Have you ever seen them live?
Only every time they come around.
Wow. That's dedication!
The only thing better than listening to Tool cds, is seeing them live.
I've been to a few of their shows, they are pretty mind blowing.
Exactly. You never know what you're going to see when you go.
I remember one of their shows I was at, they had people hanging from the rafters, dancing in front of the screens!
I was totally at that show!
Wow! Small world, huh?
Are going to Depeche mode?
No, why?
They are coming to town.
There is no talent there.
Why not?
They don't use guitars.
Yes they do. Martin Gore does
I didn't know that.
Yeah, they always have guitar songs.
Now that I think about it they do.
So you want to go?
No,I don't really care for them.
Why, besides the guitar part.
They are just to flamboyant for me.
You are so wrong.those guys are studs.
Like you?
Don't be like that.
Their music dissent catch my ear.
To each his own
Yup, beside they are talentless.
What music are you listening to right now?
I am listening to some maroon five.
Is it good?
Yeah I like it
What album?
Their latest one.
Oh I don't like that one.
You don't?
No I like the older music?
Like songs about Jane?
Yeah that is my favorite by them.
Which song?
Sunday morning
That is a great song.
I like the second album too.
Yeah that was a good one.
Have you seen them in concert?
Not yet.
I haven't either. Let's go to one!
Okay sounds good!
Who is your favorite female singer lately?
Lately, I would have to say it is Pink.
I like her too.  She seems pretty edgy and bold.
I know!  She seems like she is not afraid to speak her mind.
Have you ever been to one of her concerts?
No.  I hear they are amazing.
I saw her perform on one of those awards shows once.  If her shows are anything like that, they must be incredible.
She really seems to go all out!
She sure does!  In this one, she was doing some sort of aerial acrobatics.
Whoa!  That sounds wonderful.
And she just recently had a baby!
She must be very busy.
I think she must be!  I don't know how she does it.
What is your favorite song?
It has to be "just give me a reason".  Do you remember who she sang that one with?
Wasn't it Owl City?
Yes!  They are pretty good, too.
Yes they are!  This was one of my favorites.
I like the ballads, but I really like the edgier ones best.
Yes, that is what she is known for, I guess.  Being edgy.
La la lalalalal boom! I love this song.
Really? I'd rather have mustard poured in my ears. Who is this?
Weird Al Yanovic covering Sean Cassidy's "Da Do Ron Ron".
Man, he's really stuck for material. But that wasn't what you were singing.
I don't know the lyrics.
You don't know the music neither.
Don't be hatin'.
Have you ever heard Weird Al cover Ray Stevens and "The Streak"?
I don't know that one. Any good?
About what you'd expect. But it does have a blistering accordion solo.
The accordion has been an overlooked rock instrument.
Did you know that Ian Anderson started on the accordion? This was before Jethro Tull when he performed under I. Andy and the Polka Boys.
Did you know that Weird Al is a vegan? I can really hear that influence in his music.
i don't know how to respond.
That means he doesn't perform meat related songs. Unlike that poser the Reverend Horton Heat who is a shill for the beef industry.
That song kicks butt. Look at the cows in the slaughter house yard, gotta hit in the head, gotta hit 'em real hard....
You should be ashamed. Cows are awesome. Pink Floyd loved cows.
What the heck does that mean?
Moooooooooo!
Please go back to the Do Ron Ron.
So, what's your favorite older music?
I like Genesis, among others.
Really?  Which Genesis is your favorite?
What do you mean, which Genesis?
Phil Collins, or Peter Gabriel, I mean.
Wait, Peter Gabriel was in Genesis?
Yes, but it's been a long while.
Wow, I guess I didn't realize that!
You really should find some of their old albums, and give it a listen.
Do they still sound like Genesis?
Well, if all you have heard has been Genesis with Phil Collins, you will probably be surprised.
It is really different, then?
Oh, yes.  But not in a bad way.
That's good to hear.
Some of the songs are really kind of trippy, I think.
Oh really, which ones?
Some of the earlier ones.  I think they must be from the sixties.
Well that would explain it, then.
You really should try their old stuff out, just for fun.
I will.  Think for the neat music trivia!
What do you think of heavy metal?
I like the classics, like Metallica, Megadeath, Slayer, and the like.
Yes, I enjoy those bands. I don't like the screamo or death metal stuff you hear today.
What's your favorite album?
Probably Metallica's ...And Justice for All.
That's a good one. I like the Black Album myself.
A lot of people think that's where Metallica began to sell out, but it has some of their best songs.
Agreed. Enter Sandman is still a favorite of mine and all time great album opener.
I don't think the themes were as unified as in Justice, but it's still a really good album.
It was better than Kill 'em All, at least. That one was a little raw.
Yes, it was their first album. So that's to be expected.
Have you listened to their recent stuff?
I haven't heard the latest album, but I did like Death Magnetic.
Yeah, I thought it was a return to form for them.
It was definitely a message to those who thought they couldn't perform like they used to in the days of Master of Puppets.
Have you ever seen them in concert?
Yeah, but it was around the turn of the century and they refused to play any of their classic stuff.
That's a bummer.
It was still a good concert, though.
I need to make it to one. They're getting older, so who knows how long they'll keep touring.
are you attending Adriana's concert in a fouthnight
nah i don't think so, don't really dig her sungs
oh like really
yeah yeah
i thought you loved sia.
of course i do, what about it?
she's billed to perform as a guest on that day.
no way! are you serious?
of course i've got the concert flyers.
in that case i would make plan to attend as i am so loving "titanium" david gueta had her on.
oh that tune is still on repeat on my playlist.
i bet. lol
aside from sia, the uk pop group little mix would open the concert.
who's little mix
oh a UK all female pop group l, they won the Uk x-factor
what year?
can't remember now.
i would check them out then, so i get a feel of their music before the concert
they do pop music and "black magic" is their current effort and its doing well atleast in the UK, although i love it too, i would send you a link to download if you want.
oh that be cool,do send.
What are your favorite music genres?
I find myself drawn to Swing/Big Band from he 30's/40's and 70's AM radio music.
Tell me about what makes you like Swing/Big Band.
"Sing, Sing, Sing" is without a doubt the most exciting instrumental Swing song I have heard.
What is so exciting about that song?
The percussion lead-in at the beginning practically compells you to tap your feet and get ready to dance.
How does the rest of the song move you?
The brass section with the trombones really makes one sway when dancing and the tempo has interesting stops and starts.
So tell me about the 70's AM radio music.
It is the music of my childhood that seems like a playlist for my life.
How so?
"Dreamweaver"  always made me smile because I felt like I was the subject that were singing about.
What other music from that era made you feel that way?
Pretty much anything that the Carpenters sang was so pleasant to the ears, especially "Close to You".
What made it so pleasant?
Karen Carpenter's voice had perfect tone and phrasing. Only Ella Fitzgerald was somewhat better.
What group was your favorite during that time?
I'm torn between Chicago and Boston.
Make a choice.
If I just had to choose then I would go with Chicago because of the song "Saturday in the Park".
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
Doing well.  How are you?
Doing good.
Good.
We're supposed to chat about music?
Yeah that's right.
Okay, who is your favorite band?
Probably Led Zeppelin.
Oh like classic rock.
Yeah.
I like that kind of stuff a bit.
What about you, favorite band?
Hmmm.  Probably Oasis.
Really Oasis?
What's wrong with Oasis?
Nothing, just wouldn't think of them as one of the greatest bands like that.
Agree to disagree.
okay.
It's been a great year for music so far, don't you think?
I agree, so many of my favorite artists have released new songs!
Who are some of your favorites?
Well, I like Fleet Foxes a lot.
Me too! They had a long hiatus so it's great to hear them with new material.
"Third of May" is as good as their best stuff on their earlier albums, in my opinion.
It's a great song, and so is the follow-up teaser track, "Fool's Errand".
They have a pretty flawless record since they came out, as far as I'm concerned.
Another band that's coming back and I'm excited about is The National.
Yeah, their new song is a departure for them, in a good way.
The vocals are a giveaway that it's The National, but I'm really digging the faster beat on the new track.
Speaking of comebacks, and faster beats, what about LCD Soundsystem?
I'm a huge fan of theirs, I saw them on Saturday Night Live a couple weeks ago.
I missed it, but I've heard both new songs and based on that I'm sure I'll be buying the new album when it drops.
I haven't seen them in concert but I'm hoping to get a chance when they come around here.
I almost forgot, one of my absolute favorites lately, The War on Drugs.
Their last album was so good! The new song, "Thinking of a Place", is proof that it was no fluke.
It's amazing that it's 11 minutes long and I still wanted more!
There are so many other acts showing up with new material too, like Grizzly Bear, Phoenix, and Haim.
It's a great summer for indie, that's for sure!
Did you hear Seattle Opera is doing Mozart's Magic Flute?
Oh really, when are they doing it?
Next weekend,  I'm thinking of going to the Saturday showing, do you want to come?
Sure,  but I don't really know much about the opera.
Oh that's okay,  it's really easy to follow,  it's basically a kind of fairy tale with an evil queen and heroic Prince.
Sounds great,  but isn't it in German?
Yes,  but there will be English subtitles so you can follow along.
Nice,  I would really love to hear the orchestra again too.
Oh yes,  they're very good,  and the overture is lovely.
Wait,  what's an overture?
It's basically the introduction to the piece,  it highlights some of the major themes of the opera.
Oh, so is it sung?
Oh no,  it's all the orchestra, it happens at the very beginning.
Awesome, just there's no dancing right?
No,  definitely no ballet scenes in this opera.
Oh good,  I'm really not a big fan of dancing.
Oh really,  why not?
Well when I was younger we went to the Nutcracker ballet every year,  i must have seen that 14 times.
Oh my, that would be boring,  but this should be much more fun,  I promise.
Can't wait then,  I'll buy the ticket today.
Did you enjoy the new Kendrick Lamar album?
I think so, it touched on alot of themes..
I think he might be the best rapper out there today.
His lyrics are very well written.
Plus he writes about things people care about.
Its refreshing to not hear about bling.
And how much weed he wants to smoke.
He has the talent as an artist.
I think collaborating with Taylor Swift helped him out.
He was big even before he did that.
But I think he got some crossover fans from it.
It is beneficial for an artist to do a guest spot outside of their genre.
I mean I dont know how many little girls crossed over.
But he put his name in their heads
Im surprised we dont see this more in music today.
Yeah they have a good deal of them in country.
I do not care for the genre enough to even want to know.
Its really not that bad when you boil it down.
Some of the lyrics though, talking about how he cant wait to drink a budweiser.
Thats what the genre calls for though
What kind of music are you partial to?
Well I really like a lot of different kinds of music except abstract jazz. I can tolerate it a little.
Yea I am with you on that one I like jazz but not that kind.
How about Jamiroquai do you like them?
Oh yes i do love some Jamiroquai and I love his goofy crazy hats!
It's really sad one of the guys died and  Jay Kay getting sick.
It's too bad they had to cancel their concert in Japan.
Yes I am sure there a lot of disappointed people. But you know everything happens for a reason. Japan is such an iffy place to be with the radiation.
Do you like Ween?
Chocolate and Cheese is a great album!
I completely agree. They sound so different on every song.
Do you like to watch The Voice? My husband and I are big fans.
It is a unique way to do a singing contest that's for sure.
I like how all the judges are so kind and supportive of their proteges.
The judges crack me up with their silliness.
Some of the judges I didn't like too much.
When they have the famous singers come on and help the contestants is when it gets really interesting.
Yea it's pretty cool to see who each one is going to bring on.
I was glad to see a country music singer didn't win this time.
It is kind of surprising since there are so many country fans.
Do you like boy bands?
Not at all.
Why not? They have catchy tunes.
There is no talent there.
Can you do what they do?
If someone paid for me to do it I would.
I guess you have no talent.
I'm into rap.
Now they have no talent.
That is very true, but the have good beats.
Imagine if there was a boy group that raped.
That would be comedy.
I wonder if it would sale.
Who knows. You should try to get people together.
I haven't put a band together since new kids.
That was you?
I told you, but you never believed me.
I still don't.
Look me up.
I will, new kids were good.
Yngwie Malmsteen is so cool!
Who is that again?  It's the guitar player right?
Yep, the Swedish virtuoso who invented neoclassical-metal fusion.
Oh yeah, now I remember...One of my friends played two songs for me and it was really mind-blowing!
Yeah, I'm really into his stuff.  Yesterday I was listening to a song called "Amadeus Quattro Valvole".
Wow, what does that mean, it's in another language?
There are no lyrics in the song, it's an instrumental.  The name of the song is in Italian and it means "Amadeus Four Valve".
That guy is something else.  I heard he's had a lot of singers in his band.
Yes, that's true.  And most of them are amazing!  He has usually been able to get really great, talented singers.
But the don't stay too long?
Nope.  Sadly they usually get in fights with him and he fires them.
Wow, that's ridiculous!  I remember my friend said Mark Boals was his best singer.
He was!  He joined the band after the second album was recorded because the first singer had already been fired.
Wow, that's crazy!
Yep.  He starred in the music video for the single, but the audio featured the first singer!
That's something else.  How long did he last?
He lasted through the tour for the second album and the recording for the third album, then he was fired.
Oh my Gosh!  How did that happen?
He said, "The sad reason is I got in a fight with Yngwie and I was fired."
Well, never a dull moment I guess!
What do you think of 21 Pilots?
They're kind of stupid. That's kid music.
Maybe so. I have kids so I appreciate the fact that I can listen to music with them that sounds decent and contains clean content.
That guy thinks he's a rapper. He sucks.
Well, he started rapping because he writes long lyrics. It's the only way to get all the words in. I like the genre blending, personally. I don't think rappers need to hard or "authentic" in any way. It's just a music style.
No. Pick a style and stick with it. It sounds like to just want to appeal to everyone in order to make the most money.
That's so cynical. They started off as a small act. It is just a stroke of luck that they became popular.
I could write songs better than that. Pay me a million dollars and I will deliver better.
That's not how it works. No one is going to pay you a million dollars to write a song. How many 21 Pilots albums have you heard?
I heard that dumb song on the radio where they are whining because they don't to pay their bills.
That's your interpretation?! Again, that's such a cynical view! They have a couple of great albums. Maybe you should check them out.
Ok. I will do that.
Ha. I don't believe you, but that's totally okay. You do you. Their first album Vessel is really good.
Aren't they like Christian rock?
No. I guess they are Christian but the songs do not revolve around Christ worship. I am not religious at all and I like them a lot.
I don't want to listen to religious propaganda. Christian rock is lame.
Well, you are certainly entitled to your opinion on that, but I would not classify it as Christian rock.
I like gangster rap only.
Seriously? Oh. Well then you probably would not like 21 Pilots.
BINGO!
DID YOU HEARD OF BANDS MUSIC NAME DRAKE?
NO I HAVEN'T HEARD OF THAT BAND .
YOU HEARD OF THE NAME DRAKE?
NO,WHAT KIND OF MUSIC HE PLAY?
HE IS ONE OF THE BEST JAZZ BAND.
WHAT CAN I DO TO HEAR HIM?
YOU CAN ORDER HIS MUSIC FROM THE INTER NET.
YES I'LL CHECK THAT OUT, THANKS
AND IF YOU CANT,T FIND IT LET ME NO, AND I WILL SEE WHAT I CAN DO.
OK,I WILL BE GLAD TO,THANKS
PLEASE LET ME NO IF YOU LIKE HIS MUSIC.
DO HE PLAY FOR WEDDING?
SHOW HE DO I NO HE IS GOOD AT THAT.
MAYBE MY FRIEND WILL LIKE  HIS BAND.
YES I AM VERY SHOW YOUR FRIEND WILL LOVE HIS MUSIC.
I WILL LET YOU NO WHAT MY FRIEND SAID ABOUT IT.
I CAN,T WAIT UNTO YOU AND YOUR FRIEND HEAR IT.
I  CAN'T WAIT TO LET YOU NO.
DO YOU NO ANY MORE OF HIS MUSIC?
I CANT'S THINK OF ANY RIGHT NOW, BUT I WILL CHECK IT OUT FOR YOU.
have you heard about this singer Angelina Jordan?
no I'm not familiar  with this singer
she's only 10 yrs old
oh really!
yes and her voice is so nolgastic
what! are you kidding me!
no I'm not
really! have you heard her voice?
yes I search for her on youtube and listen to her song
how was the voice?
I feel like I'm listening to an old artist
really!
yes!
what kind of music she's in?
jazz
oh my god! is that real
yes! her voice is like she's been drinking an alcohol since birth! it sounds like Chuck berry.
I don't believe this
you have too! search her on youtube.
ok thanks I will search for this.
What kind of music do you listen to?
I like top fourty, rock, and some alternative rock.
Yes, I like a lot of different kinds too.
My favorite rock band is Def Leppard. What's yours?
I don't know, but I do like Def Lepard.
They had a lot of good songs. My favorite is Bringin on the Heartbreak.
Yes, that was a great song.
What is your favorite?
They had so many. I guess I would have to say Love Bites.
What is your favorite album?
I think I'd have to say Pyromania.
Yes, that was very good. I think mine would have to Hysteria.
They were all good.
I never saw them in concert. I wanted to.
I saw them years ago. Just once.
Their singer Joe Elliot has such a distinctive voice.
Yes, that's what sets them apart.
They were inducted into the Rock Walk of Fame.
I didn't know that. When was that?
In two thousand, in Hollywood.
Is it me or are movies getting more and more stupid?
It isn't you. What movie has upset your stomach now?
That Snatched movie.
Snatched? I don't think I have heard of that one.
Yes you have. You know that movie with Amy Schumer.
Who's Amy Schumer?
You know. The movie where some blonde is dumped by her boyfriend on the eve of their vacation,
Go on.
She  persuades her cautious mother, Linda, to accompany her on an exotic getaway to South America.
Oh yeah. I think I saw the trailer for that or at least part of the trailer.
What do you mean part of the trailer?
Well, if we are talking about the same movie, I changed the station when I saw it. That movie is beyond stupid.
Exactly.
Movies have no substance anymore. Who's the actress playing her mom?
Goldie Hawn.
Goldie Hawn? That was Goldie?
You didn't recognize her?
No. You'd think she wouldn't accept a role such as that.
Maybe she needed the money.
There isn't enough money in the world to make myself look that desperate.
The Wonder Woman movie looks really good.
I don't really like DC movies.
Suicide Squad I could understand, but you don't like Man of Steel?
It was okay. Didn't much care for Batman v Superman either.
Let me guess, you like Marvel films?
Ha, no. I don't care for superhero pictures in general.
Has there ever been a superhero movie you really liked?
I remember enjoying Spawn when it first came out. It probably doesn't hold up anymore.
Yeah, the CGI in that movie looks so bad now.
Most '90s movies that used CGI look bad now.
Not Jurassic Park.
Jurassic Park didn't use much CGI. But even the CGI it did use doesn't look that good anymore.
Wait, I know! The Phantom Menace!
Really? That's your argument for good '90s CGI?
I mean, things like Jar-Jar don't hold up, but like the battle droids and ships and stuff still look nice almost 20 years later.
Alright, maybe, but you also have to remember that Star Wars had like, a hundred million more dollars in its budget compared to Spawn.
Money isn't everything. Plenty of low-budget films look good.
Like what? Name one.
The original Star Wars.
Ha! I should've seen that coming!
My boyfriend and I recently saw The Fate of the Furious. Have you seen it?
I can't recall if I know which movie you are talking about, who are some of the actors in it?
Girl, you have to know which movie, it's very popular with the guys. It has Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham in it.
Yes, I know which one you are talking about now, I did see it. Did you like the movie?
I actually thought it was one of the best out of the The Fast and the Furious movies. It had a lot of action and was pretty funny too.
Yes, I liked it too. I don't usually like "guy' movies, but I thought all of the actors really integrated well and connected.
I agree. My boyfriend really enjoyed it, as you know how men are with action-packed movies, especially with fast cars!
That's so true, but it's nice when us girls actually get to like it too! Sometimes, I'm ready to fall asleep with some movies.
I thought that is how I would be, but I was totally involved with the movie, from beginning to end.
The actors in the movie really fit the roles they had in the movie, I thought. What did you think?
I agree. I thought Charlize Theron was really good too, I loved her dreadlocks in it!
She actually could pull that hairstyle off! Did you like Kurt Russell in it?
Yes, I realized that he has aged more than I realized though. I bet he is in his 70s?
I think you are right? He has been with Goldie Hawne for about 30 years or so, did you know that?
Wow! I didn't realize they had been together that long!
Yes, but never married.
Well, after so many years, what's the point?
Exactly, why ruin it, if it works.
Well, I would definitely recommend the movie to my friends.
Me too!
I can't wait for the summer movie season to begin.
I think it already has.
I meant, I'm waiting for the real big movies.
What, Guardians of the Galaxy 2 doesn't count?
I guess it does. You're right, the summer movie season has begun.
Definitely. When King Arthur bombed I knew it had officially begun.
Haha. But I heard from a friend that it's really good, actually.
Rotten Tomatoes disagrees, but maybe you can see for yourself when it hits Netflix or whatever.
Maybe. I'm actually sort of looking forward to the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie.
Have you seen the last one?
No, I actually don't know what's going on in the series anymore. But for some reason I want to see the new one.
Guess you'd better catch up on them, then.
Well, I don't know when I'll see it. Someday, but probably not in theaters.
Is there anything you will see in theaters?
Well, I'd like to see the new Transformers movie, but I'll wait on that too.
You haven't answered my question.
Okay, well, I might see The Hitman's Bodyguard in theaters. I think it'll come down to reviews.
Do reviews really matter that much? You wanted to see King Arthur even though it got bad reviews.
That's true, but seeing a movie in the theater is a different experience. I'd like to see a good movie if I go.
I understand. It costs more, so you want to get the best value and experience you can.
We have to talk about Bellflower.
Oh my goodness. You either loved it or hated it.
Loved it. Five starts.
Dark. Surreal. Bizarre romance
Evan Glodell’s going to be huge.
Were there too many explosions, though?
Too many explosions? How dare you.
Yeah, that's a weird juxtaposition of words, I know.
Woodrow’s and Milly’s relation, that was total kismit.
They were lovable losers for sure. And Jessie Wiseman, she's going to have a career, too.
It was so over the top that it was actually great. They took romance to a new level.
Romance? They took bromance to another level.
Yeah, the relationship between Glodell and Tyler Dawson  . . . let's just say Glodell was all in on this project.
Dawson stole the movie, I thought, with his performance. He's the ultimate buddy. Weill you be my Tyler Dawson?
I don't think anyone can be your Tyler Dawson, but I'll be your movie buddy. Jessie Wisemen, though. I've never seen a break up portrayed as the Apocalypse.  It was crazy, hysterical.
Jessie Wiseman was a wrecking ball. She did flat-out warn Glodell, though, even before they started their trip that she would end up hurting him.
Who breaks up with a guy who has a flamethrower?
That was some of the most artful rage I've ever seen.
Glodell is from a new generation of filmmakers. I've heard a lot of new guys called "daring." Glodell is the real-deal daring.
This is what happens when you give kids an iPhone and tell 'em they can make movies.
Did you hear that they're making another Beteguise?
No. When's that happening?
Not sure. It just shows on IMDB as "announced".
Well I hope they are.
Me too. I just love Tim Burton.
What about Michale Keaton?
Oh yeah, soooo good!
I wonder why they're doing it now.
I know. Its been like 30 years.
Yeah, Michael Keaton will fit the part even better!
All old and decrepit!
Ha!
Well I'll be looking forward to that coming out.
I'll let you know if I hear anything else.
Please do.
Maybe we could catch it together.
Yeah that'd be good.
What's it called?
Betleguise 2, I think.
Cool. I'm gonna look it up.
Do you like  gory movies?
Like horror gory or just slasher films?
No I am talking about Tarantino-esque movies
Oh, no I do not see the point of it.
Me neither, there is no appeal to them.
They do quite well so we may be in the minority.
I think there is no point in having them in these movies.
I would move away from it as well but I could see why they do well.
Whys that?
People love to see that dramatic part of stuff.
Its not needed in these films.
How do you feel about horror movies using it?
Its important to show how vile some of the villains are.
Yeah I would probably say you are right.
But even then some of it can be brought back,
I like the mind suspense ones better anyway.
Thats really my point, people can make a movie without needing a ton of blood.
I like the psychological thrillers that just really move you as far as being scared.
Yeah seeing blood doesnt make me scared just pissed off sometimes.
There hasnt been a ton of those types released lately
What is your favorite comedy of all time?
Ghost Busters.
The new one?!
No, that was awful.
I'll second that!
The original was awesome, though.
I agree.
The writing is just so good.
Yeah, didn't Dan Acroyd write it?
Yeah, and the other actor. What's his name...?
Bill Murray
No. The guy who played Egon.
Oh yeah. What is his name...?
I can't rember, but I'm pretty sure he had a hand in writing it.
That's pretty interesting.
I reall like Bill Murray.
That guy is so funny.
He doesn't seem to do too much comedy these days.
Yeah, a lot of weird stuff though.
Yeah, a lot of independant films.
Have you seen the new Guardians Of Galaxy?
Not yet, have you?
Not yet, either, but I am really looking forward. Everyone told me that it's a good one.
Oh really? I actually heard some not good reviews from people I know.
Oh, I don't know, I have seen the first part and hope the second will be the good as the first one, but you never know.
Right, sometimes second part not so good as the first one. But I also did like the first one.
Yeah. Do you remember that funny tree, what was his name? That was my favorite character.
Oh, right, he was so cute. But I have seen it also long time ago, don't remember any names.
I can google it, let's by the way wee who is gonna be in the second part. Are they the same characters?
It's ok, let's better check when it's on the theaters and will go together as we both like these type of movies?
Oh, that's a good idea, let's go to this cinema we have been last time?
yeah, they have good building there and the are always many movies on. When would you like to go, this weekend?
Yeah, Saturday evening could be great, how about you?
That's fine, I am looking now, they have one at 6 pm and one at 8, which would you prefer?
6 could be better for me, would like to go talk a bit after movie as well. Which other good movies have you seen recently? After this conversation I feel like to watch something right now.
Oh, I don't know, I am watching Tudors all this week and haven't pay attention much what's new on, I am more on the shows now.
Oh, yeah, Tudors are good one. I am on other side, like to watch all new movies, as much as I possible could. Always want some new fresh story.
I understand. Have you seen the Lion? It's not so new, just pops up in my head, the movie I have seen recently and liked a lot. Very interesting story, but you better watch yourself.
Thank you, I have heard about it, but haven't seen yet. I will go check if it's on Netflix and watch if you don't mind.
No problem, I have to go out soon anyway. So, wee you on Saturday. Hope it will be great evening.
Do you ever watch older movies?
Yeah, alot, like which ones?
I like old movies about cars and racing. Do you like Caniball Run?
I do! Do you like some of Reynolds other work, like Smokey and the Bandit?
Yes. I like his obscure films too, like Navajoe Joe. Really good movie.
I love that one! There is Striptease too.
Good film, nut well know. What other sort of car movies do you like?
I like the actual movie, cars.The cartoon.
I did too, it was really good, if not silly. Did you see the second one?
No, I have heard of it, I like Driven too. Ever see it?
Yeah, I did once. I do not really recall it, did you think it was better than his other car movies?
It was just as good, just did not get the same press. He also did one called W.W and The DIxie DanceKings, similar movie.
I never saw that one. Was it funny or no?
It was, but it had its drama moments. Not unlike Hooper.
I forgot about that one. That was a really good one, like The End.
YEah, he also did real comedy in Mr.Bean.
Mr.Bean is always funny.
His movies remind me of the PInk PAnther
The new or old one?
Both really
What was the best comedy to come out in the 90s?
Saturday Night Live had a strangehold on them.
Yeah its a tough question
You could say the Chris Farley ones were the best
Or the Adam Sandler ones.
More people I think connect with the Sandler ones.
Tommy Boy though was great
As was Black Sheep.
I think that Billy Madison may have been the best ever out of the decade.
I think you are too narrow minded about the SNL movies.
Why do you say that?
Because there were other comedies that came out.
Yeah but these were the best ones of the era
OK so can you answer my original question?
I would say Happy Gilmore.
OK I can see where you are coming from.
I just think the storyline was great.
They did it was Carl Weathers!
I wouldnt say he carried the movie
No me neither but it was funny to see how his character came to be missing a hand!
Is Paul Thomas Anderson overrated?
He's made good movies.
I like a few of them, but some are bad.
Like which?
That one with Adam Sandler.
Punch Drunk Love? I liked it.
Eh. And The Master was terrible.
I didn't see it.
It's garbage.
Boogie Nights and There Will Be Blood are great.
They're good, but not great.
Are you kidding? They are beautifully written and shot.
He does hire good cinematographers.
Magnolia is another good one.
Yes, I liked that one too.
So you seem to like most of his movies.
Yes, and I'll probably watch his next one.
So maybe you're underrating him.
You're probably right. He's talented.
That wasn't hard to admit, was it?
Hey, what was the last movie you watched on Netflix?
I re-watched Forrest Gump the other night.
Oh, what? That's on Netflix now?
Yeah! It's a classic. Every time it's on tv, I have to watch it. Well, it turns out that's true of me seeing it on Netflix too. What about you?
Haha yeah. I watched the latest Adam Sandler movie on Netflix the other night with my girlfriend.
Are you serious? You liked it and him?
No, he's actually pretty horrible, but there was nothing else to do and she wanted to watch it?
What was it about?
I don't honestly remember, because it was so bad. It was just a bunch of really inappropriate jokes. It had David Spade in it though and I do find him to be funny.
Oh! I like David Spade. Another movie I can't bypass is Joe Dirt!
Oh yeah - definitely - that movie is hilarious. I have to watch that when it's on tv too.
That movie really needs to be on Netflix.
Have you seen any movies in the theaters lately?
No, the last movie I saw was Finding Dorry.
I think that might have been the last movie I saw too. I did watch Jackie on a flight though.
I saw that too - that was actually a pretty good movie!
Yeah, the thing I wonder about is how factual it is though.
I did too. It would be interesting to see a historians take on the movie and out what is true and what is false.
Any movies you're excited for? I'm hoping the Fast and Furious movies just stop sometime soon. They should have been done about a decade ago, at least.
The Smurfs movie will be cute, but yeah, I couldn't agree more on the Fast and Furious movies. Those are horrible.
Have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 yet?
No I haven't was it a good movie?
Yeah it was great, a lot of action just like the first.
The first movie was great, I will definitely go see the second one.
You have to see it in 3D, it was a  much better experience than standard.
You went to see it twice?
Yeah, I could not help myself I saw the 3D and the standard versions. The 3D is much better.
I will be sure to see the 3D then.
Have you seen any other movies lately?
Not really, I like to stick to HBO and Cinemax for my movies.
Oh did you know HBO just came out with Suicide Squad?
Yeah, I saw it last night it was not as good as I thought it would be. Kind of dissapointing.
Really? I thought it was a great movie and had a lot of action.
What else have you seen recently other than Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.2?
I finally watched Star Wars for the first time last week.
What? I cannot believe that you had not watched it before. All the movies?
No just a couple, but Return of the Jedi was my favorite.
Yeah George Lucas did a great job with all of the movies honestly.
Not to mention Indiana Jones.
Yeah, don't get me started on Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, I love that movie.
Have you seen the new 'Clash of the Titans" movie?
Yes, it was kinda strange.
Strange? How?
When compared to the older , original version, it just lacks something.
Really, how so, like in plot or visually?
Visually the new version is beautiful to watch, has some cool effects as far as the CG went, but it just lacked the granduer  of the original for me.
I can see that. The original made one feel like it was truely a trial and journey, the new one just felt like a story unfolding.
For me, the original felt like it engaged the audience more.
Do you think it was more a casting choice issue?
maybe, I mean the cast did a good job, just not a dazzling one.
What do you mean?
For example, when he goes to kill Medusa, in the original, the fear of getting turned to stone looked real in his eyes, like he embraced the role.
I thought so too. In the new one, it was just like, oh well one of my guys is a statue not, no big deal.
Also, when the statue of Athena came to life, in the new one it was just a stiff delivery. The original , despite the effects, made it feel like her spirit had overtaken an inatimate object.
I agree, an this is where i think that the lack of cg actually made the scene better.
The kracken in the new version was epic!
I agree, visually more explosive. The original looked more like king Kong and swamp thing had a baby.
hahaha that would be awesome.
What did you like aboput Posiden?
I liked him better in the Newer version, and it expalined his role better in the plot.
Have you seen the James Bond Movie Spectre?
No, is it good?
YES! It's very good. I like Daniel Craig.
I like him, too. You think he's the best Bond?
I still think Sean Connery is the best Bond for the time. But, Daniel Craig is really good.
Yeah, I agree. I wish he'd do more movies.
Me, too. But, man, he was born to play James Bond. lol
Have you seen his movie Dream House?
I did. I really liked it but it flopped.
I was thinking about watching it but didn't know if it was any good.
It's definitely different. His wife is in it, too.
I didn't know he was married. I'll get it next time around.
Yes, he's married to Rachel Weisz. I also liked The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Oh, I loved that movie!!
Me, too. I love David Fincher movies. I think he's my favorite director.
I like a bunch of his movies. Gone Girl and Benjamin Button are two off the top of my head.
What about Se7en and Fight Club. I love those two movies.
That's because Brad Pitt is in them.
Well, it doesn't hurt. I heard that David Fincher may be directing the sequel to WWZ.
That would be awesome. I loved WWZ.
Have you seen the movie "Big Bad Wolves"?
No, what's it like?
It's like a copy kat of a Quentin Tarantino movie, all ultra violence but very calm about.
What do you mean?
Tarantino type movies like "Big Bad Wolves" & "8 pyschopaths have over the top violence but ..
but what?
Let me finish and I'l tell ya,
Go on ..
Well  Tarantino has these guys who are super violent yet talk so very mundane about it as if telling you what they had for breakfast : like eggs and bacon.
For example?
You seen the new Fast and Furious movie?
No, I haven't thinking of waiting for it to come out on DVD.
Oh, man, it was AWESOME!  It's the best one yet.
Which one is it anyway?  How many of those are they up to?
This is the eight one, that's why it's "fate of the furious" as in f plus "eight" you know?
Ahh.. clever.  So, tell me, does this one feature a big car chase?
(....) Dude, they ALL feature a big car chase.
Hehe... someone missed the joke there, I guess.
So, anyway, they got this awesome scene where they're out on the ice and there's a freaking submarine after them.
Uh.. what a submarine?
Yeah!  It is SO cool!
Sounds interesting.  Like I said, I'll probably check it out, but I think I'll wait to get it on DVD or something.
Yeah, but then you'll miss the FULL experience!  You're speakers can't match the awesome theater sound system!
Actually, last theater I went too I think they had the sound jacked up a bit too high.
Really?
Yeah, hurt my freaking ears.
What was the last movie you've seen in the theater, anyway?
Uh... let me think... it's been a while
Take your time, I know you're getting old and all...
Ahh, shut up!  Actually, I think it was Guardians of the Galaxy.
What did you think about the movie moonlight.
I enjoyed it, for a black movie it dealt with a touchy topic.
I know what you mean.
Hopefully the movie opened up some dialogue.
The movie became best picture.
I know even though some thought La La land would get it.
Do you think the young man was in denial about his sexuality.
I think he was at first as time went on he accepted it.
But he did not have any other sexual experiences, just that one.
Well I know it would seem like he was in denial perhaps he had not met anyone else he cared about.
I liked how in the end it looked like he was back with the only man he ever had a sexual experience with.
I know, maybe he felt they would somehow cross paths again.
Its a shame in this day and age some gay man are still not accepted.
Especially in our communities.
I know earlier in the movie the couple that helped in made him feel he mattered.
You and the man became a sort of father figure.
The women became a mother figure
His own mother was strung out on drugs.
I  found that part of the movie sad, in the beginning it looked like she was trying to be a good parent.
I did seem that way until she got caught up in the drugs.
I am trying to watch every movie that won an Oscar for Best Picture.
Did you see Moonlight? It won Best Picture this year.
No, right now I am watching Oscar winners from the 1980's, like Platoon.
Platoon was moving, but I personally do not like war films.
Well, my favorite 1980's Best Picture winner is Amadeus.
Why? I thought the film was way too long.
I just enjoyed the contrast between Tom Hulce and F Murray Abraham as Mozart and Salieri.
I thought the 1970's was better decade for Best Picture films.
What was your favorite one of the 1970's?  I liked Annie Hall.
I am surprised you did not say The Godfather.
The Godfather and its sequels are great movies.  But I prefer romantic comedies.
I like them too, although I am not a Woody Allen fan.
Well, Diane Keaton appears in both Annie Hall and The Godfather.
She is a versatile actress.
I think Meryl Streep is my favorite actress.
Well, she has won the Best Actress Oscar twice and been nominated for many more.
I liked her performance best in Out of Africa.
My favorite Meryl Streep movie is Julie & Julia.
I was surprised Sandra Bullock won the Best Actress Oscar that year.
Sandra Bullock had a better performance in Crash.
Have you seen "The Simpsons Movie"?
Yes, but I didn't think it was as good as the TV show episodes.
I agree, I think the storyline really failed the movie.
Maybe someday they will come out with a second Simpsons movie.
Do you like comedies?
I do! I recently saw "Baby Mama" and loved it!
That movie is hilarious. I love when the SNL stars get into a movie together. What part was your favorite?
I loved when they took the baby classes. And Dax Shepard's character was so funny!
Since you liked "Baby Mama" you must have liked "Mean Girls".
I do love "Mean Girls". I have watched it so many times I know it word for word.
Another SNL great. Lindsay Lohan isn't my favorite person or actress, but she did well in that film.
She did. I thought Rachel McAdams put on the best performance though. She was so snobby and cruel!
Did you see Rachel McAdams in "The Notebook"?
I haven't seen it, but have heard about it.
It's a great movie- very romantic, but there are some sad parts.
I'm not that crazy about romance films.
It was based on a book, I saw it a few years ago and loved it.
I'm looking forward to watching the new "Beauty and the Beast" move with Emma Roberts
It does look good. I haven't seen it yet but I want to.
It has already won some film awards.
Did you see the Disney movie Moana?
No I haven't yet, but I want to.
It is the cutest movie. I just love it.
Is that about the Hawaiian girl?
Yes, I have watched it at least 30 times.
Is it that good?
I think so.  It is absolutely the best one I have seen in a very long time.
Well maybe I'll watch it tonight.
Remember what my favorite animated movie of all time was?
Yes I remember, it was A Bug's Life, right?
Yes, but Moana passed that up now.
Wow, you really liked A bug's Life, you watched it over and over.
I know, but Moana is the best now. Some movie had to be better sooner or later.
True, but it's been years.
I know. Promise me you'll watch it.
Ok I'll watch it tonight.
But you have to watch it at least three times.
3 times? Why?
Not all the same night.  But 3 times will show you how good an idea it was, whoever thought of it.
Ok, i sure will, I understand what your saying.
I am excited about the new Chris Pratt movie!
Do you mean "Gaurdian's of the Galaxy Vol. 2" or "Jurassic World 2"
Gaurdians of the galaxy of course. I did not know they were making a second Jurassic World.
They are, and critics seem to think it will be better then the first.
Chris Pratt is definitely hero material.
Yes, his combination of comedy and caring really works for all of his movies.
Will Bryce Dallas be in this one as well?
Yes, she is slated to reprise her role as Claire Dearing.
Will it be a sequel? Picking up where the first one left off?
I am not sure. There has been talk that it will not center around a "theme park" at all.
What would the plot be then?
I have heard they may be going in a different direction. Maybe dinosaurs and humans co-existing?
Is anybody else coming back to reprise a role from one of the other movies?
Yes, on April 25, 2017 it was announced that Jeff Goldblum would be reprising his role as Dr. Ian Malcolm from the first two films.
Wow, I loved his character!
He was always one of my favorites as well.
I wonder where they are filming?
I am pretty sure they filming in Hawaii.
When is the release date?
Universal announced a release date for the film is scheduled for a June 22, 2018.
Which new flick do you want to see tonight?
I hear Sleight is supposed to be good.
Did you see Finding Dory?
I did! I went with my daughter.
What did she think?
She thought it was really cute.
And what did you think?
I also thought it was really cute, but had some more serious parts to it.
Like what?
It takes Dory's memory problems seriously as a disability.
That's interesting.
And kind of weird, but ultimately really touching.
Was it just a rehash of the first film?
There were some parts that were similar, but it had a lot of original moments.
What happens in this movie?
Dory goes to look for her parents, and searches an aquarium for them.
Does she find them?
That would be a spoiler! But it has a happy ending.
What did you like most?
The octopus they meet is great. And I love Dory in this movie.
Maybe I'll take my kids.
You should! I bet you'd all have fun.
did you watch pulp fiction
who hasn't watched it
that movie is quentins best
remember the convo about foot rubs?
yeah, quentin loves thos weird conversations
he puts it in all of his movies
that movie was confusing at first
because of the arrangement of the scenes?
yeah because travolta was dead then he is in another scene later on
yeah, it takes a little bit of getting used to
i had to watch it again
you should.
its hard to get everything out of a movie the first time
that is very true.
you always miss little things in the movie
the movie was so intense though
that bible scene is so iconic
samual jackson can do no wrong in film
he plays the same character kinda
a rough cursing man
Nowadays they seem to be coming out with marvelous movies for children.
I agree. I've seen a lot of them.
One favorite lately is the movie "Sing."
My daughter got that for her birthday!
It is such a super cute movie.
It really is. I think it carries a good message too.
I loved how all the characters were animals in the movie.
Remember the woman pig who had over 20 piglets?
Oh my yes! How crazy was that?
She sang beautifully.
I think my favorite was the gorilla.
He had such a gorgeous voice as well.
It made me sad when his dad walked away from him in prison.
Yes, he should have supported his son.
He did later on in the movie but it was still super sad.
Remember when the koala bear tried to tell the giraffe that he was in the contest?
That was so funny. Poor guy couldn't hear him.
I know!
My kids love this movie and play it all the time.
Mine have too lately.
Have you seen Wonder Woman?
No, I haven't. Did you see it?
Yes, I did. I really liked it!
Was it like the other DC movies?
No, to me it felt really different! Gal Godot did a great job!
That's so good to hear, I want to go see it really badly!
I especially loved Chris Pine in it.
What was his character like?
He was a British spy in the military and he found Wonder Woman on her island.
I think Chris Pine is so cute. Was it a love story then?
A little bit, but it didn't overpower the main plot.
What was the plot anyways? Besides Wonder Woman kicking butt!
She was trying to find and defeat the god of war.
The god of war? Sounds crazy!
I don't want to spoil the ending, but it definitely was action packed!
I heard it got really good reviews.
So did I! And I'm glad!
Did you know Gal Godot was pregnant while filming?
No, I didn't know that! How cool!
Very cool, especially since I think she did a lot of the stunts.
Have you seen the movie Rough Night?
Yea! That was hilarious. Scarlett Johannson was great.
She was, but the supporting cast was even better.
Yea Kate Mckinnon was hilarious.
So was Jillian Bell.
Yea. I knew there was something up with the first stripper guy.
Yea you could tell. I also knew they would come back to that jacket at some point.
Yea it was pretty obvious by the way they focused on it when he threw it.
But yea, I didn't like it at first, because I had no idea about the direction it was going.
Yea same here, I thought it was just some chick flick until that guy died.
I know! It got dark so fast.
It kind of fell apart at the end though.
No way! I loved the ending.
Yea, but it was just so unbelievable.
The whole movie was unbelievable. That's not the point of the movie.
Yea that's true, I was probably too harsh on it.
You definitely were, how else could they have ended it?
Well, the police could have showed up or something more realstic.
No way, that would have been so boring.
You're right, the ending was fitting.
Do you like watch Stephen King movies?
Some of them! My favorite is The Green Mile.
That's a really good one.
I also like The Shawshank Redemption.
That one is my favorite!
Andy Dufrane is such a lovable character.
You can't help but root for him in the movie.
And the prison guard is such a jerk.
Yeah but luckily he gets his revenge.
I can't believe he made andy work for him.
And he took advantage of him!
When he locked him in the confinement was horrible.
The whole movie is just so great.
I want to rewatch it again now.
I'm sure you can find a copy of it somewhere.
No doubt. It's a classic.
It's funny how it didn't do too well when it first came out.
Oh really?
Yeah it bombed at the box office.
And now it's one of the best rated movies ever!
When does the new "Spiderman" movie come out?
I believe it is opening on July 7th.
Who is the main character in "The Mummy" that just came out?
I think Tom Cruise, but I also believe Russell Crowe is in it.
I do not recognize the female lead role. Her name is Sofia Boutella.
So she is the mummy? She seems very young to have a lead in the movie.
Have you seen the new DC Comic movie?
Yes, I loved "Wonder Woman". It is my favorite DC Comic movie so far.
Did you know that the lead character is from israel?
Yes, her name is Gal Gadot.
Do you think "Despicable Me 3" will do as well as the other two in the franchise?
I do because everyone loves the Minions.
Have you seen any Grace Kelly and Cary Grant movies on AMC?
I have seen the 1955 version of "To Catch a Thief".
I thought they were both in "North by Northwest".
No, the female lead in that 1959 movie was Eva Marie Saint.
My favorite movie of all time is "Gone With the Wind".
It's old. It came out in 1939, but I did think Clark Gable played his part well.
Have you seen any war movies with Ronald Reagan?
Yes, I saw "This is the Army" with my grandfather last week on AMC.
Let's talk romantic comedy movies!
For a chick flick movie night?
Yes, like 'When Harry Met Sally' chick flick.
Haha you're so funny. I liked that movie and Meg Ryan.
Nothing can go wrong with Meg Ryan! Even in 'Kate & Leopold.'
Ugh, that movie was so good! I want to watch it again.
What about '10 Things I Hate About You?'
That movie was such a great romantic comedy.  Probably on my top 10 list.
I agree! Heath Ledger and Joseph Gordon-Levitt did fantastic in that movie.
So did Julia Styles! She nailed that part for sure.
I cried at the end!
I can still recite that poem, to this day.
'She's All That' is another great chick flick.
With Freddie Prince Jr.? Um. Yes. 100 percent for sure.
He was such a heart throb back then.
I definitely had a crush on him, and he's talented! Win!
I think 'How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days' is the ultimate romantic comedy.
I would have to agree with you there. Kate Hudson and Matthew McConaughey were such a great pair.
They had all the great chemistry on screen!
That's how you know they're talented.
Did you hear about that new movie, "The Book of Henry?"
No, what's it about?
It's about a really bright kid trying to solve all kinds of problems around him. But the buzz over the movie is all about how awful it is.
There's a lot of bad movies out there if you ask me. What don't people like about it?
Actually people HATE it. Critics are having a field day ripping it apart. And their reasons for why it's so bad go on and on.
Who's starring in the movie?
There's a couple well known people in it, Naomi Watts plays the kid's mom, Sarah Silverman is her friend, the little girl from Dance Moms, Maddie Ziegler, is the neighbor girl. It also has a director who has done some good work- Colin Trevorrow who did Jurrasic World. But none of them are enough to save it from being a train wreck.
Wow. So who gets the blame for it being such a bad movie?
That's what's funny. The director said maybe the fact he did two things that he cared about, that somehow his visability would shine a spotlight that he hadn't considered.
What the heck does that mean?
Exactly. Trying to talk around in lofty circles the way Hollywood does to avoid saying in simple terms, apparently it's awful and people hate it. They really HATE it, huh?
They really HATE it, huh?
Yes, and the director said he couldn't understand why there was such :vitriolic dislike" for the film.
So in other words, he's clueless that it stinks, and is whining how can people be so mean.
Apparently, the problem with the movie was the plot and the writing. The critics said they take too many things, like a child abuser, terrible disease, fake knowing of all things by the kid, and use thenm just for shock value, and to manipulate the sudience's feelings.
Oh. People hate when they feel manipulated, as if they are being forced to feel something.
Yes, and those are all sad scenarios, but one critic compared it to- "what we see is it is all a crock, people moving human situations around like pieces on a chessboard.."
That seems to signal really bad directing.
It does, because even if you had a good story, which this doesn't, if you portray it badly, the audiennce doesn't get it, or doesn't like or believe it.
So the director is to blame a great deal for the fiasco, but says he doesn't understand why, and blames his celebrity with another film as casting harsh expectations. Talk about a denial of responsibility.
Did you see the movie SIng?
Sure did, I took my grandkids to it.
How did they like it?
They loved it and so did I.
It was really cute.
I loved when Rosita and Gunther did Shake it Off.
I thought that Johnny doing Im still standing by Elton John was really good too.
All the songs were good.
They came out with the soundtrack to that movie as well.
Do you happen to have the dvd?
I do, I bought it for my grandkids.
I would love to borrow it.
That would be fine.
Did you know that Sing was the 7th most profitable movie of 2016?
No I did not know that.
Yes and Matthew McConaughey and Reese Witherspoon were the two main characters voices.
Yes they did a great job.
Yea, the storyline was cute and the music was really good.
I love kid movies.
Me too, they even appeal to adult audiences as well.
Want to get the kids together for a movie this weekend?
It depends whats playing. Zoe can be pretty picky about movies.
Hmm, let me check whats playing.
Sounds good.
Alright, Dispicable 3 and Cars 3 are playing on Saturday.
Despicable Me was really cute, did your kids like it.
Yeah, they loved it and the second one.
What about cars?
They liked that one too.
Did they like the second one?
Yeah, but it wasn't as good as the first.
Hmm, I'm not sure which one we should go see. What do you think?
I think the kids will like either. Despicable 3 will probably be the easiest one for us to sit through.
Yeah cars is kind of boring.
Okay, should I get tickets for Despicable 3?
Yes lets go see that one.
Cool, I'm excited
Me too, the kids will be stoked.
Alright I got tickets for the 3 pm Saturday showing.
Sounds great. We'll be there.
I wish I could watch "I Am Legend" in the theater again.
Why, it wasn't that great.
Did you see it in the movie theater?
No, I rented it online.
It's different when you see it on the big screen.
How so?
Because you get more in to it, it's more 'believable' and you forget where you are...so it's way more intense than on tv.
It wasn't that great to be able to do that.
You would actually be surprised because Will Smith actually did a pretty good job in that movie.
You think so?
When you were actually watching the movie, did you think "This is Will Smith acting like he's walking down this road looking for mutants"?
No.
See, that shows that he did a good job because you forgot it was Will Smith.
Not entirely I didn't.
But you didn't think "Will Smith" the entire time, you thought about what was happening and how he could die, right?
That's true.
Ok, what you saw on tv, imagine that on a huge screen right in front of you, and you're in a dark room, the sound is loud and drowning out everything else.
So that you're fully emerged, I see what you're saying.
Yes, and the intensity at the end had my friend and I sit there in shock for about 10 minutes after the movie was over.
So let's find out how we can see it on the big screen, I'm down for that.
I love The Wizard of Oz!
Me too! Who's your favorite character?
The tinman.
I felt so bad he wanted a heart so badly.
Who was your favorite character?
I preferred the cowardly lion.
Aw, he was so cute.
Yes, he really developed as a character.
He did. He matured right before the audience's eyes.
What color was the Emerald City?
Green, silly. Emerald is a shade of green.
Oh, of course. I should've known that.
Yeah. That's like asking what color the yellow brick road was.
True. Did Dorothy get home at the end?
Yes, she made it back to Kansas via a hot air balloon.
Oh right. I forgot about that part.
Did she keep the ruby red slippers?
I honestly can't remember.
Me neither.
We should go watch it!
do you like the south park movie
the movie was not bad at all
yeah, it was as funny as the show
it was kinda like an extended show to me
yeah, they could have just done the show with 4 episodes to it
yeah, that movie was not bad though
i would see another movie with them
i think they did do another movie
well, then i didnt see it
well, its probably not necessary
do you have a favorite character
i like stan the best
why?
he relates to me. he is the leader
yeah, i like cartman
but he is the biggest jerk
but he makes the show what it is
yeah, if he wasnt in the show, it would be way different
he isnt expendable
hes got to stay
Are you familiar with the Shrek franchise?
The one that Dreamworks did?
Yes, that's the one.
I've seen several of them.
Which one is your favorite.
I think that the first one is the best, but I never saw Puss in Boots.
What do you like about the first one?
I don't know; it's a solid self-contained story that doesn't take itself too seriously.
I personally thing that Shrek 2 is the best.
Why is that?
The second movie introduces Puss in Boots to the ensemble, which does a good job of shaking up the hero, foil, romantic interest triangle and allows more nuanced character interactions.
I'm not sure I had considered that. Who voices Puss again?
It's Antonio Banderas.
That's right.
The really masterful thing about the Shrek Cinematic Universe is that it co-opts centuries of European fairy tales and folk stories into a cohesive whole and explores the logistical outcomes of such a shared world, while maintaining a lighthearted atmosphere conducive to a series of humorous fantasy jaunts.
It sounds like you've put a lot of thought into the Shrek movies.
Furthermore, it pulls together an all-star cast and gives them opportunities to live up to their voice acting potential.
I noticed that pun you put in with "all star."
Yes, Smash Mouth's 1999 hit was also a perfect choice that really captured the emotional milieu of the film.
I suppose it was.
Have you seen the new Ansol Elgort movie?
Another DIvergent film?
No, it is called Baby Driver.
No, who else is in it?
Lily James and Kevin Spacey.
I love Kevin Spacey in anything.
Even some movies that should be silly were good with him in it.
I thought he was the perfect Bobby Darrin.
I loved him in K-Pax.
That movies does not get the credit it deserves.
I think this new movie will not either.
What is it about?
There is a kid with an injury, he ends up being a get away driver.
How is it rated?
It actually scored a 98% as far as ratings go.
Well, I might have to check it out if those can be trusted.
I do not think they can, Zoolander got almost a zero.
The first Zoolander was so funny.
The cameos in that film alone earned it a high score to me.
Unlike the trash that was Zoolander 2.
What's your favourite Jim Carrey movie?
I can't narrow it down. The Mask was my favourite as a kid, even though it scared me.
That was so good! And even as an adult there are some parts of it that creep me out.
Liar Liar was so good too. The scene where he beat himself up was so good.
I remember that! He really doesn't need any supporting actors to make a movie work.
And the way he interacted with his son in that was so heartwarming. Like, I can't relate to the whole broken family thing and not having a dad you can count on, but the performances made me feel that firsthand.
I got you. That's one of the marks of a really good actor is making you feel things you otherwise wouldn't feel.
Yeah. What about you?
I know it's not a good choice, but his role as The Riddler is one of my favourites.
Why not a good choice?
Well I just know he didn't get much screen time and a lot of people don't like the job he did.
Yeah, I feel like that's one of his forgotten roles.
But I love it for some reason. I wanted to watch that movie again and again as a kid and I had such a crush on him in it.
That's a weird character to have a crush on!
I know, I don't know what it was about it.
The thing I fall in love with is how he uses his face. It's like a whole genre of comedy.
Yeah, like in Dumb and Dumber. I especially liked his improvisation in that with "the most annoying sound in the world".
And don't forget Ace Ventura!
He used more than his face as Ace Ventura.
Too true. I think that's the movie he used the most of his body in for comedic value.
what film could you rewatch time and time again?
For me I would say Groundhog's day.
Well that certainly plays into the theme of the movie.
Ienjoy it everytime I watch it.
It is very rewatchable.
Bill murray is so good in it.
I enjoy his performances in all movies.
Yes how good is he in ghostbusters ?
Great. i also love him now like lost in translation is fantastic.
He really was brilliant in that one.
I think to be a great comic you have to be smart.
Lost in translation wasn't so much a comedy though.
Not in the same way as ghostbuster say but he is still a comic actor to me.
True and it did have moments.
Scarlet was also very good in lost in translation.
I enjoy her but thought murray stole the movie from her.
I think it belonged to both I mean it really was a duo.
It was a very focused look at the relationship.
Who directed it again?
I believe sofia coppola.
Did you read about Michelle Rodriguez posting on Instagram that she might have to quit the Fast and Furious movies?
No, why on earth would she have to quit?
She said if they don't show some love to the women on the next movie, she might have to leave.
What does that mean, "show some love?"
She didn't elaborate. But people pointed out how it seems wrong to say the movies don't value the women.
Charlize Theron had a huge main part in the current movie I know, and the women in the guy's lives always have lots of lines and feature in the action.
They even drive the cars just as good as the guys do, it's not like they put them in the passenger seat and act like women can't drive.
Do you think maybe she was jealous because her part wasn't as big as Charlize Theron's?
I think she has kind of a big head and thinks she's a bigger celebrity than she is. Most news articles about her are just about who she's dating.
The movies are really guy flicks, meant to appeal to guys, and so naturally the action and lines would go more to the guys. But I never thought the movies were disrespectful to the women. They get to play heroes and villians, they get to drive fast cars, and they are seen as precious to the men.
Maybe she's hinting for more money. But the guys do have bigger parts, more lines, more action scenes. They deserve more pay.
I think she should consider herself lucky and be quiet. Those movies have set her up for life financially.
Especially for something like the movie business, where so many people don't make it, or don't make a lot, or do bit parts forever but don't get the big roles.
Exactly. Can you imagine how many female actresses would love to have had those opportunities.
She did say it had been a good ride and she was grateful to the fans and studio for the opportunity. But it sounded like lip service so people wouldn't complain she was ungrateful. Well, that didn't help it sound any less ungrateful.
Can you imagine how much money she has made thanks to those movies?
I looked up her earnings. She's listed number four for the top five Fast and Furious earners. She made 5 million for Furious 6, and Paul Walker and Vin Diesel each made 15 million. Her net worth is estimated at 34 million.
Oh my God. She has no reason to complain. It sounds like she's the one that needs to show some love, not the other way around
I know. Think of all the actresses waiting tables inbetween jobs who would love to have had that kind of opportunity.
I wouldn't be sad if they wrote her out.
Have you seen the movie 9 to 5?
Yes, Dolly Partin is in it.
Also Lilly Tomlin.
It is a really good comedy.
It also has Jane Fonda in it.
It was directed by Colin Higgins.
I like the song.
That song is by Charles Fox.
It is a 20th Century Fox film.
It's budget was $10 million.
It made $100 million.
It was released in the 1980's.
The opening credits has it NINE TO FIVE.
Their boss was played by Dabney Coleman.
I liked how they took over the company.
And they tied the boss up in his home.
They sent one lady to France to get her out of the way.
But then he broke free.
Dolly Parton forged his signatures.
It is a really funny film.
What's your favorite comedy?
My favorite comedy is Deadpool.
Deadpool is not a comedy.
Oh I beg to differ.
It's a comic book movie. Not a comedy.
Then why is it funnier than ninety percent of the supposed comedies that have come out in the past ten years?
I have to admit it is hilarious.
Would you admit it's funnier than "We're the millers"?
Yeah I can agree to that.
And "We're the Millers" is a comedy, yes?
I see your point. But it's still considered a comic book movie.
Movies can share genres.
I mean primarily.
Primarily, yes it is a comic book movie but it's also a comedy.
So I think I see where you're going with this.
Yep. Deadpool is my favorite comedy.
So do you consider the other comic book movies comedies? They all have humor in them.
They're funny sometimes but nothing like Deadpool. Spiderman may come close.
Spiderman is always funny but I doubt it will be as funny as Deadpool.
We'll see when it comes out.
We are looking for a family friendly movie
What is the movie for
Our community has movie night in the park, everyone brings a blanket and we provide the popcorn
are you looking for animated?
it doesnt have to be, it just has to be fun for all ages
What about inside out, everyone can relate to the thought in our brains
I love that movie, I will for sure keep that in  mind
What about the life of pets
That movie is so cute, thats another great one, any more ideas?
How to train your dragon?
Thats it, I will do that one for sure
I love toothless, he is the best dreamworks character
I agree, its like he is smiling
everyone can relate to his adversity, as well as the boys
Yes, he is a little guy in his village of vikings, and they make him feel small
another great dragon movie is draonheart
I love that one, Im just not sure the little ones wouldnt get scared
Thats true
I will stick with our original choice, thanks for your help
Anytime
Hey what's your favorite comedy movie?
Wow that's a tough one. I guess I'd have to say The Hangover series.
That's a good choice, I like those too. Zach Galifianakis is a very funny man.
I think my favorite part is in The Hangover 3 when he has the romance with Melissa Mcarthy. That was just too hilarious.
Why haven't they made a movie together yet? They really need to!
Did you ever see that one called Identity Thief? Where she was with Jason Bateman?
Oh yeah it was kind of like a road trip movie. It wasn't too bad!
And then Zach had the one where he was with Robert Downey Junior. What was that called again?
I believe it was called Due Date. It had some funny scenes, but also some really gross ones.
That's right I totally forgot about that. Gross humor in movies is good sometimes, but then other times they take it a bit too far.
Who was your favorite character in The Hangover movies? Was it Zach?
Actually as funny as he was I kind of the guy Chow. I think he really stole the show in his scenes.
Oh yeah he is really funny! When he jumps out of the trunk naked was my favorite part.
I honestly think those movies don't go downhill like a lot of sequels do. They stay funny to me.
Did you ever see the movie The 40 Year old Virgin?
Yeah I think I did a long time ago. I remember thinking it was really funny.
I watched it recently and remembered how awesome it was. Man Seth Rogan was really hilarious.
I really like him in a lot of movies. I thought he was especially funny in Pineapple Express.
Yeah stoner comedy seems to be his niche, although I like seeing him do some directing and writing as well. He's a really smart guy.
Him and James Franco really are the Cheech and Chong of our generation. I think their stuff will remain timeless.
Do you like Holiday movies?
I like funny ones.
Like National Lampoons?
The ones with Chevy Chase, yes.
You know, there is even a newer one.
Really?
Yes, it had Ed helms in it.
Oh, I liked the vacation one.
Which one?
The one when the went to Europe.
Oh, that was so funny.
I loved the Vegas one.
I liked the cameos in that one.
I liked when Rusty ended up winning so much money.
Do you like other Chevy Chase movies?
I think the Caddy Shack is one of the best he ever made.
Did you like him in Spies Like Us?
That was such a funny buddy comedy.
The situational humor was so good.
All those cold war comedies always make me laugh.
One movie genre I tend to enjoy is actually versus movies. For example, Freddy vs Jason.
I loved that movie when it first came out. I assume you have seen it, as well?
Absolutely! I was a huge fan of both series back in their hay-day.
Me too. Even though I was more of a Freddy Krueger fan, for I felt those movies were a bit more fun.
I can see that. I think Friday The 13th was more fans of gore and just straight up slasher flicks.
Yes, I agree. Freddy was a bit more creative but eventually he became a bit of a pop icon, actually.
I remember that. But getting back to Freddy VS Jason, what are your thoughts?
I think it's a movie that came a bit late, but it was a lot of fun to watch it finally happen.
Have you recently seen it?
I remember watching it with a couple of friends a year or two ago. It doesn't hold up greatly, but it is still entertaining.
I agree with that statement. Do you kind of wish they had fought more?
To an extent, yes. I feel at times less is more but it felt more Freddy-focused until they actually fought towards the end.
That's what I thought when I recently sat down and watched it again.
But that being said, I do think their ending fight was pretty cool and I still enjoy it.
I think the gore was a little over the top at times, but do you think that was the point?
Oh, definitely. The director knew what he was doing when he made this.
I hate to keep overusing the word "fun", but I think that's the best word to describe this movie.
Yes, I agree. Even after all of these years later.
Plus, it's Robert Englund's last time playing Freddy in a motion picture.
That is right! Good point.
What's the difference between the light and the dark sides of the Force?
I'm sure it's that "the Emperor wants to control outer space. But Yoda wants to control inner space".
Ten out of ten my friend, ten out of ten! And what movie is that line from?
Human Traffic. I love that film!
Danny Dyer giving it the full cockney treatment. He's the star of it for me.
Who's the other actor? The one who shouts about "the weekend has landed"?
John Simm.
A hugely underrated actor as far as I'm concerned.
There was a time I memorised that whole opening speech in Human Traffic.
It's good, but were you that bored? But then I still know people who quote the film to me.
Let me guess..."nice one bruvva!"?
That's the one.
What's your favorite scene? Mine is the one in the nightclub with the news reporter.
That's hard to beat, but have you watched it recently?
No I haven't, I think I probably should though. Relive old memories.
The film has dated horribly, live on the memories but don't spoil them by watching it again.
Really? The soundtrack is still incredible though.
That I can't dispute.
I wonder what a film about the underground music scene of this generation would be like?
I've got no idea, but I'd love to see it! Nice one bruvva.
Hey, have you heard of the movie called, "The Great Wall"?
Umm, no. I'd never heard of it. Who are the actors?
Oh really? It is Matt Damon and that one guy from game of thrones show.
Which guy?
Dude name is Pedro Pascal. It is that one guy where his eyes were pulled out or something in game of thrones.
Ooooh that guy! Yea I remember him now.
Anyways, that movie the great wall. I mean I hear people saying it was bad. I wasn't that bad. Considering Matt Damon got paid alot for this movie.
I see. I never heard of the movie. Is it an American movie?
Yea kind a. Matt is the main character in the movie. It was interesting to see chinese and american action together.
How was the action?
It is part ninja action and some good sparta actions.
Hahaha that sounds interesting. Maybe I should watch it. Where did you find this movie?
Oh my boyfriend showed it to me last night. I was pretty skeptical but I stayed awake the entire time watching it.
Oh that is interesting, you usually fall asleep when you watch action movies hahaha.
I know right? Even my boyfriend thought it was suprising. He on the other hand fell asleep while I watch the entire ending.
It must be that great. Was there any romance in it?
There was a little with Matt Damon and the chinese girl which is the only main female character in the movie.
Oohh is she cute?
Oh she's cute. Kind a weird that she speak english that well.
Oh you stop there. Don't spoil it for me.
Have you seen any movies with Emilia Clarke in it?
Yes! I have just watched Me Before You. She's so cute in it!
Yeah! I have seen that movie too. She's such a diverse actress!
Ugh that movie is such a good chick feel. I loved it so much.
Yeah I teared up at the end. It's a real heart jerker.
What other actors are in that movie? I notice Tywin Lanistor in that movie!
Yeah. I looked up his name. His name is Charles Dance.
It's so weird seeing him so caring and actually smile.
Yeah I know in game of thrones he's this mega controlling father figure.
Yup and in this movie he just loves his son so much.
Oh the other actors in this movie are Sam Clafin, Jenna Coleman, and Charles Dance.
OH yeah! I remember seeing Jenna Coleman.
She has such a refined cute beauty to her.
Yeah but compared to Emilia Clarke and her cuteness, there is no match.
Yeah I loved her outfits in the movie
The director and wardrobe people did such a good job.
I loved her little quirky traits and how expressive her eyebrows are.
It's such a fun movie to watch with the whole family
Yup it's PG13 so no real bad scenes
Haha after game of thrones it is a welcome change.
Do you remember when the original Home Alone movie came out?
Yes it was in 1990.
That's right, I remember I was pretty young when it came out.
That's a classic movie!
Remember those  robber guys?
Of course I do, a huge part of the movie.
Which actors played them do you know?
One was Joe Pesci and another was Daniel Stern.
I remember now. They did a great job.
Yes a great job at acting stupid.
You would think that real robbers would not be that dumb.
Of course not!
That kid was brave for being left alone.
I know, can't say I would have acted the same.
Me either! Let alone in a big city.
It's a good thing he was okay.
I know, I think I probably would have just cried.
I probably would have too.
Did you know that Kieran Culkin played in that movie?
No actually I did not know that.
You know what I think?
What's that?
They should make a movie about Teddy Pendergrass.
They probably will.
I mean they made a movie about Toni Braxton and she's still alive.
I know right.
Did you see that tv movie about Michael Jackson?
Yeah I saw it.
Yeah I saw it.
It was kind of lame.
I know right?
I think the best movie made about a musical artist living or dead was The Temptations.
Oh I loved that movie.
I loved the movie and the music.
I like the movie that they did about The Jersey Boys.
I heard of the movie but I never actually knew the group.
I think it was based on Frankie Avalon.
I don't know, I never saw it.
Well it's nothing to write home about.
Oh, okay.
Have you ever watched to movie Passengers?
Yea I have, with Chris Pratt, right?
Yea, and Jennifer Lawrence. Did you like it?
I thought it was decent.
Really? I thought it was amazing?
What did you like so much about it?
I just really liked the premise. I keep wondering what I would do in that situation.
Yea it's a tough spot to be in.
See, that's why I like it. I like impossible scenarios. Chris Pratt's character does what he finds to be the only option, but that option ruins Jennifer Lawrence's life.
I thought it was a bit unbelievable that she ended up forgiving him.
I didn't. It's the same reason Chris Pratt made the decision in the first place. He had no choice.
Yea but people can harbor resentment for a long time.
Well, he did do a lot to redeem himself, and I just feel like over time, when the reality as set in, people would be able to understand and adapt.
Yea I guess so, I mean what other choice did she have right?
Exactly. Die alone in a ship where there was another person right next to you the whole time?
Yea, I don't know. The situation still felt uncomfortable.
Yea but that was the whole point. It's a thinking movie.
Yea you're right, I guess it was pretty cool.
The acting was amazing too.
Yea, they both really impressed me.
My favorite Christmas movie is Miracle on 34th Street.
Oh that is a really good movie.
Don't you think that Natalie Wood was adorable in that movie?
Oh I do, she was really young, I wonder how she remembered all those lines?
I don't know, it is really amazing.
Edmund Gwenn who plays Santa really looks like a Santa.
He does. He plays the Macy's Santa.
That movie is so good, it has a great story line.
I just cannot believe that no one thought he was Santa.
Yea me either!
Maurenn O Hara played Natalie Woods characters mother.
Remember she did not believe he was Santa either.
I remember that.
But she did at the end.
Yes everyone did.
That movie came out in 1947.
There were so many great movies back then.
And great actors and actresses.
It was so much more glamorous back then.
It definitely was.
Did you ever see the movie 'Cloud Atlas'?
No, but I read the book.
Oh, I didn't even know it was a book.
Yep, it was a big bestseller. That's why they made the movie.
Ah, I see. How did you like the book.
It was actually pretty awesome! I loved it.
Interesting. The movie was only OK, I thought.
Then they must not have adapted it well, because the book was fantastic.
The movie wasn't bad, don't get me wrong. Just not amazing.
Did the story kind of follow different characters throughout time?
Yep, that's how it went.
Who were the stars of the movie?
Tom Hanks was probably the biggest name.
Wow, you're saying it was a Tom Hanks movie and an adaptation of Cloud Atlas, and you didn't like it?
Yep, that's what I'm saying.
That surprises me. That sounds like a recipe for success.
Not according to me! You might think differently.
I would be interested in seeing it, yeah.
If you like it, then maybe you just think the concept is cooler than I do.
That's possible.
What did you think about 'Doctor Strange?'
I was honestly surprised that the movie worked.
There definitely was a lot working against it.  The fact that it's so not grounded in realism, must have been a challenge to make.
What did you think of Benedict Cumberbatch's performance?
Well, I think he is great in every role he plays.  However, his accent was rather lacking.
You're right.  I guess you can't be good at everything.
Maybe it would have been better for him to keep his normal voice, since it's so great as is.
I think more than Cumberbatch, I really liked Tilda Swinton's performance as The Ancient One.
She was so great.  I love her range as an actress.
Yes, she is truly talented.  I just saw her in 'Okja.'
I did too.  She becomes a different person from role to role.
I would also give an honorable mention to Mads Mikkelson.
He really knows how to play an excellent villain.
He has a pattern of great villain roles.  From 'Casino Royale' to 'Hannibal.'
Though don't forget that he was the good guy in 'Rogue One,' just disguised as a villain.
I can't wait to see Doctor Strange in the new Avengers movies.
It will be an interesting dynamic to see Stephen Strange interact with the other Avengers.
Especially someone like Stark.
I can't wait to see that.  They are basically the same character.
They even both have cool facial hair.
What are your thoughts on David O. Russell?
I really loved The Fighter, and I thought Silver Linings Playbook was excellent.
Me too, but if I'm being honest, I think that both those movies are buoyed by the performances.
Christian Bale gives an amazing performance in The Fighter.
Melissa Leo also gives a great performance!
Who plays Micky Ward's girlfriend in that movie?
Amy Adams; she's a little out of her comfort zone as an actress, and she does great.
Right, well, Silver Linings Playbook is also really well acted.
Jennifer Lawrence won the Oscar for Best Actress for her performance in that!
Honestly, I liked Bradley Cooper's performance a little better, I thought it was more nuanced.
But I mean, what do you think of O. Russell as a director?
Really, I think he's just okay cinematically, but as we were saying he draws out really great performances.
He was sort of the darling of Hollywood for a while, it felt like everything he did was nominated for Oscars.
Yeah, even his bad stuff, Joy was pretty awful.
I thought Jennifer Lawrence was okay, but I didn't think she deserved the nomination.
It was definitely not her best performance, and I thought the script wasn't too great.
What's that other movie he did with Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence?
American Hustle!
Christian Bale gained all the weight for that role, right?
Right, and it got him an Oscar nomination!
I have the whole weekend off and I am excited!
What all do you think you will do with your free time?
I plan on catching up on some good movies!
That sounds fun, I love watching movies.
I do to, and with work and all I do not get the chance to very often.
I know what you mean! I have been wanting to watch the new Transformer movie but have not got the chance to.
Yea I am thinking that will be a good one. Mark Wahlberg plays in this one as well, right?
Yes he is back for his second Transformer movie. I thought he was awesome in the last one.
I agree with you! He is really good in most movies however.
Yea he is my husband's favorite actor.
Have you ever watched Ted or Ted 2?
Yes! My husband and I have seen them both a few times actually.
I thought they were both hilarious! I could not hardly stop laughing all through them.
I read that they are making a part three in the franchise. I hope it is true!
That would be awesome! I think it would do really well at the box office.
No doubt about that, the first two done very well.
I would say that Ted one and two are my favorite Wahlberg movies. What about you?
I would actually have to say Lone Survivor would be my favorite from him.
I have never seen that one before. Is that the one that is a true story?
Yes, you should really watch it! It was an outstanding film to say the least.
since you like sports movies, i'm wondering if you have ever seen "brian's song"
Oh, you mean the movie about the football player Brian Piccolo, i have seen it at least twice.  a real tear-jerker.  James Caan played Piccolo in the movie.
man, you're not kidding.  no one who sees that movie can avoid crying.  as i recall, it  was a really good movie about a man dying of cancer.
Yes, Piccolo, a white man, becomes very good friends with his roommate, Gayle Sayers, a Black man  who was played in the movie by Billy Dee Williams.
that's right.  of course Sayers was a superstar, and Piccolo had to struggle just to make the team.  But he did make the team due to his dedication.
Some people who have seen the movie might forget that the title of the movie came from Piccolo's college team's "fight song."  unfortunately i can't remember what college Piccolo went to, but as a rookie on the Bears, he had to stand up on a table and sing it.
Oh, i have to admit i had forgotten that.  Yes he stands right up on a table and sings the song with all his teammates laughing like crazy.
a big part of that movie was when Sayers got seriously injured and Piccolo motivated him in his recovery from a leg injury.
that's right.  when Sayers got injured, as i recall, Piccolo replaced him in the lineup, knowing that when Sayers recovered, Piccolo would revert to backup status.
Yes.  and despite knowing that he would go back to the bench when Sayers, returned, Piccolo was very diligent in helping Sayers recover.
And the two became more than friends; they became almost like brothers who got a long very well and enjoyed their whole experience as N.F.L. running backs.
Do you remember the part when Sayers was honored for his exploits but  chose to talk about Piccolo, rather than himself, at the speech?
I think I do remember.  Piccolo was very ill by then and Sayers said, "I love Brian Piccolo."  I mean anyone who didn't have tears in their eyes at that must have no feelings at all.
Was "brian's song" a television movie? I don't know if it was ever in the theatres.
I"m pretty sure it never was in the theatres.  ABC television made it a tradition, at least for a while, to broadcast it near Thanksgiving every year.
Oh, i had forgotten the Thanksgiving tradition of showing the movie.  The thing about that movie was despite the sad outcome, it had some real funny parts.
thank goodness for that.  it was such a tragic story that without the humor it would have been almost unwatchable.
It was really much more than a football movie, it was about two men who were roommates in the days when Blacks and Whites simply were not roommates, things were different back then.  but these 2 guys were indeed roommates and that was a big part of the film.
right.  that, and of course, the fact that there was no miracle...Piccolo dies at a very young age.  A heartbreaking story, and sadly, a true story.
I'm glad we talked about this movie.  Caan is widely known for his role in "the Godfather," but he should also be recognized for his role in this movie.  good talking to you.
did you see resurrection?
the 2pac movie?
yeah, pacs mom actually approved of it
yeah, it was cool that it was in his words
yeah, he was actually speaking throughout the movie
but it seemed less cinematic due to it
it was kinda more of a documentary with some photos and stuff
didnt have a real storyline like the new movie
all eyez on me?
yeah, i hear its bad though
yeah, not as good as straight outta compton
that is honestly super disappointing
and pacs mom didnt even give approval
but suge and diddy did
but they just care about the money
suge is in jail though
but maybe he could get money and pay for bail
thats true. suge is greedy
all he cares about is money
and diddy is no better
I'm trying to think of a movie from when I was young, it had a fish in it.
That's not saying much, what do you mean?
It was animated and really cute. About a fish and his father.
Oh oh you mean "Finding Nemo"?
Yes that movie!
I've seen that too, who hasn't?
It was so cute. I loved the characters.
Remember Dory?
Of course I do. She was so funny and cute.
Yes she was. One of my favorites.
You know that she came out with one of her own movies right?
You mean the movie called "Dory".
Yes! It turned out great.
I saw it in the theater at the time with friends.
I took my boys to see it last summer.
The whale was so hilarious.
I know and a good friend to Dory.
I felt so sad for her trying to find her parents.
I did too. I was relieved when she finally did.
Yes it was so heartwarming.
Are you in the mood to do something fun?
I would actually like to watch a few movies today.
That sounds like my kind of fun!
Great, what type of movies do you like?
I like romantic comedies and action movies the most.
That is kind of a rare combination. Most people like one or the other.
I know! That is what everyone always tells me.
Who is your favorite actor or actress?
I would have to say Demi Moore! I have always loved her movies.
Yes, she has put out some really good films.
Have you ever seen G.I Jane?
I watched that many years ago. It was a pretty good movie without a doubt.
I agree! That is one of my three favorite movies of hers.
What are the other two?
One of them is The Butcher's Wife. That one is a great romantic comedy.
Does that one also star Jeff Daniels as well?
Yes! He is awesome in his role as her romantic counter part.
That is another one that I have not seen in years!
My third favorite movie from her is About Last Night.
That movie came out when I was in high school!
Can you name some of the all time favorite girl music group?
Yeah! the group called Banarama who made the song "Cruel Summer", they are good.
I remember them from the 80's
Number two, TLC,   I love their music.
Yeah, I  love them they made the song "Scrubs".
Do you remember that song called," Na Na Na, Hey Hey  kiss Him Goodbye", by the group Bananrama.
Yes,What about the group 'Salt N Pepper" they are an all female group who made some great songs.
Yeah! I love them.
Do you remember the all girl group "En Vogue"?
Yeah! they were really good in the late 90's.
If you like country music, there is a good group called "The Dixie Chicks" who make great music.
That group is really good I hear them on the radio all the time.
Destiny's Child is a good female music group who made great hits like the song " Jumpin Jumpin".
If you like songs for the 80's there is the group the Pointer Sisters, they have made some great songs like "He So Shy".
I love the Pointer Sisters, they are great.
Do you like the group called the Bangles?
Yes,I also like the group called the Spice Girls, they are a great all girl group as well.
What about the group the called Pussy Cat Dolls, they are a good too.
,  There are a lot of great girl group from the 80's like  Wilson Phillips,with that song called"Hold On".
If you like the 60's there is the girl group of all times called The Supremes with Dianna Ross.
You ever see Billy Madison?
Yes I did and I'm a fan of Adam Sandler.
Did you think it was funny?
At the time yes but it's child humor so not anymore though I still like it.
What did you think of the story though?
I thought it was good.
Why?
He played a character who had no responsibility and was forced to turn his life around which he did quite well but in his own way.
Yeah I thought they played that out well.
Plus he gets the girl in the end and that's always nice.
I thought it was cool how he went back to school through all the grades to have to prove himself and it shows what each grade and how kids mature.
I never thought about it from the kids perspective.
I wonder what the kids thought shooting a movie with Adam Sandler.
I bet they were happy I just hope he was nice to them.
I hear he's actually an awesome guy in real life.
That's great to hear so few celebrities are good people.
Do you like his other movies?
Yes I do and I think he's done much better over the years.
I think so too, hope he continues making films.
Me too.
What movie do you think had the best plot ever?
Oh, easily Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.
That was a really unique plot, which is rare in movies.
Time travel has been done before, but they used it in such a unique way in the film as to why the characters were doing it.
I loved the interaction between the time travel characters and Bill and Ted. There was such a fondness and friendship between them.
I wasn't really much a fan of Keanu Reeves other films, but I thought he was so adorable in that movie.
He was cute, so much so that I felt bad for Alex Winter trying to keep up with him.
I wonder if that's why Alex didn't get the big movie offers Keanu did, because everyone's attention focused so much on Keanu.
Maybe so, because Alex was cute in his own way, and he did a great job at the comedic parts.
The supporting actors all did such a great job in this movie. They helped make the movie great because they were all so good in their roles.
I know what you mean. George Carlin was naturally great as you would expect him to be, but all the actors with the smaller roles played their characters perfectly.
It's no wonder this movie was such a success. I'm not someone who just goes to movies all the time, I go when there's something I really want to see, and I went to the theatre to see this when it came out.
Word spreads when a movie is great, and then people who might not have even thought about going decide to go see it.
It had really great box office ratings. It cost like 10 million to make or something. and then made 40 million, which in 1989 was big money.
So many movies made what wouldn't be considered big money nowadays , but people don't realize what the difference in money was back then.
It seems nowadays that money used to stretch farther back then. Income was lower, but prices were lower, and you could get more for your money.
I like to travel back in time watching movies by watching the Turner Classic Movie Channel and watching all the old movies back from the 40s.
I like TCM too. I just watched Lassie Come Home this weekend on TCM.
I like watching all the movies set in war time, and how brave all those people were.
I think there's a lot to learn about history from movies. Bill and Ted was great because it probably introduced some younger people to characters they didn't really know that well from history, like Genghis Khan.
Have you been keeping up with the Marvel movies and the time line?
Yes I have, they are sure putting out a lot of movies.
Well, with Thor:Ragnarok, Black Panther, and The Avenger:Infinity War Part One coming out soon, I have a lot of movies to see.
I really enjoyed the first Avengers movies, they were really well done I thought.
I actually preferred the Captain American movies. Civil War being my favorite.
The Spiderman and Ant-man cameos in that movie were great.
Paul Rudd is a amazing Ant-man.
Yes he is, and the new kid they have playing Spiderman has taken well to the roll.
Oh yeah, and the new Spiderman movie is also coming soon.
That is a lot of movies in the Marvel universe. Disney is making so much money from all of these movies.
It is sad there are no more stand alone Iron Man movies.
Well, I can't say I am too sad about that. The last Iron Man movie was pretty terrible.
I have to agree with you there. It was like they were not sure exactly what they wanted to do with that movie.
It is so funny that Stan Lee still makes an appearance in every movie.
Did you see him in Guardians of the Galaxy 2? That was so funny.
Yeah, that was pretty good. Just sitting there in space, it was great.
I wonder how they are going to wrap up all of these different threads into one movie.
Well the Infinity Wars is suppose to literally have everyone in them right?
I thought that was what I read. That will be a huge cast of top names.
Yeah, I can't wait to see both parts of that movie. It is going to be great.
Did you watch anything good lately?
I introduced my boyfriend to Star Wars over the weekend. He had never seen them before!
That's crazy! What did he think?
Well we just watched the first one, but he enjoyed it.
By the first one do you mean A New Hope?
Yes, we're watching the original three movies before we start on the prequels.
That's probably for the best.
How are you going to watch Rogue One and The Force Awakens with the others?
I guess we'll just watch those last and keep seeing them in the order they came out.
So in the version that you saw, who shot first in the cantina scene.
I don't remember which edition we watched but Han reacted.
Oh no, that's not right!
I had to explain my frustration about it.
Are you going to watch the Holiday Special?
I had not considered that!
You should, to really get the full experience.
It's so bad though.
I think it's charming in a way.
I guess it does have that Boba Fett cartoon.
And it has that great cooking show.
Alfred Hitchcock is one of my favorite directors.
I've seen a couple of his movies. Psycho, of course, everyone has seen Psycho.
I don't know if his talents would be appreciated so much today as they were back when he was directing.
Why do you think that is?
He didn't really go for explicit gory stuff - it was more about suggestion, and letting the viewer's mind fill in all the scary details.
But in Psycho, we watch Janet Leigh get stabbed to death in the shower! Like a million times?
Ah, but the knife never actually penetrates her skin. The cuts were chosen very carefully to give that impression, but it's all suggestion.
No way! I could have sworn I saw the knife go in.
That was Hitchcock's genius. He let the viewer's mind do a lot of the work for him.
What are some of your favorite Hitchcock films?
I thought The Birds was really creepy, mostly because you never actually find out what makes the birds turn evil and attack people.
I have a parakeet at home - I would be pretty nervous if I thought she might attack me sometime, right out of the blue.
That's why the film is so disturbing - it takes something normal and harmless like a sparrow and turns it into a killing machine.
I liked his more sparkly, light films, like To Catch a Thief.
Cary Grand and Grace Kelly made such a beautiful couple. And Jessie Royce Landis, I loved her role as Grace's mom.
She was in another of Hitchcock's films, wasn't she?
She played Cary Grant's mother in North by Northwest, another of my favorites.
Wait a minute, she and Grant were like the same age, weren't they?
But she was totally believable as Grant's mom because she made you believe her in the role. I loved her sass in both of those movies.
You make me want to go rent a few Hitchcock films now.
Have you seen that movie "Babette's Feast"?
No, who's in that?
It's actually a foreign movie so you probably won't know the actors.
Oh, what's it about?
It's about this lady who moves to a village as a refugee who feeds the entire town off of her lottery winnings without telling them she spent it all on them.
That sounds weird.
It's actually very touching and it has some very subtle humor laced all throughout that movie.
Is it going to make me cry?
Probably not, it's probably going to make you laugh, a lot, and feel endeared to the character.
What language is it in?
It the movie they speak Dutch, I believe...but it's easy to find one with English subtitles.
I hate subtitles.
It is very worth it even with the subtitles.
If it's foreign, how can we see it?
It actually did over 4 million in the US so it's not like no one has ever heard of it, you just rent it online.
I'll check it out but what is your favorite part of the whole movie?
There are so many good parts in it...like I said, it really has a lot of subtle humor that makes the movie a true gem.
Is it humor that anyone will get?
Oh sure, it's just not in your face telling you to laugh like most US movies, this one actually assumes you're already intelligent enough to know when something is funny.
Oh, ok, actually, now I'm really intrigued.
Is Zombeavers good?
I don't think so
I am looking for a horror movie to watch
Then don't watch Zombeavers
Are the beavers digital?
Yes I think so
Was it in theaters?
I watched it on Netflix
Is it scary?
No. It's pretty funny actually
I like funny movies
Me too
It has a silly premise
I can tell
Do you like zombie movies?
Yes
Then try 28 Days Later
I will. Is it scary?
Very
I heard there is a 28 Weeks Later as well. Let's watch that after.
One of my favorite Al Pacino movies is Frankie and Johnny.
I've always liked him.  Is it a comedy or drama?
I'd call it comedy/drama.
That's actually my favorite sort of film.
Yeah, it's set in New York, too.  I love films set there.
I do, too.  New York's a good backdrop for anything.
The actress in it is Michelle Pffeifer.
Is she good in it?
She's very good, actually.  The made her look less glamorous than she usually looks.
Does she and Pacino have good chemistry?
They do have chemistry.  Their characters flirt a lot in the movie.
Is it primarily a love story?
Yes, it's definitely romantic.
Is it too sappy?
I wouldn't say so, but some might parts a bit corny.
A little of that is okay as long as it doesn't overwhelm me.
It's got a good balance of romance and comedy.
That sounds right up my alley, and I do like both leads.
They are the main reasons to watch it I think.
I'm going to seek it out.  I'm sure I'll enjoy it.
What do you feel like watching tonight?
Let's see, I've got a backlog of movies about a mile long.
Me too. Did you see John Wick 2?
Yeah, I did, it was awesome!
I want to see that one. The first one was so good.
If you liked the first one, you'll like the second one.
OK, so we won't watch that one. What about 'Logan'?
Sorry, I've seen that one too.
What did you think?
It was really solid too. You should watch it - it's really violent.
OK, so Logan is out too.
Sorry man. What about The Witch?
The Witch? Never heard of it.
It's a horror suspense movie. I've been wanting to see it for a while.
Is it gory?
I don't know; I've heard it's more of a slow burn.
OK, let's give it a shot.
Nice! Are you a fan of scary movies?
Yeah, I dig them.
Let's go!
John Wayne was my dad's favorite actor. I grew up watching a whole lot of John Wayne movies.
He was a classic movie star, I think.
Some people disparaged him, saying he couldn't act, but I don't agree at all.
What do you think were some of his best roles?
His showiest role was as Rooster Cogburn in True Grit, the film for which he won the Oscar, finally.
He had been nominated before, right?
Yes. I think the win for True Grit was a win for his entire filmography at that point, but it was still well deserved.
He had just beaten cancer at that point. I think Hollywood understood that he was a treasure of the industry.
I think one of his best acted roles was in The Quiet Man.
Interesting, since it wasn't one of his many Westerns.
This one was about an ex-boxer escaping his tragic past by going to his roots in Ireland, and falling in love with a bold Irish lass.
Who was played by the quintessential Irish lass, Maureen O'Hara.
They made a great team in that film, because they were both such strong characters and personalities.
And that film had one of the best fights ever - going through the entire town before they ended it by shaking hands. Iconic!
I have a lot of favorite John Wayne Westerns, but I think Rio Bravo would be in the top 2 or 3.
That one had such a great cast - Angie Dickenson, Dean Martin, Walter Brennan, and even Ricky Nelson.
I could watch that one over and over. Great writing and dialogue, lots of suspense, great music.
There's another non-Western that he was great in - Hatari, set in Africa.
That's a great one too. Red  Buttons as the sidekick.
And don't forget "The Baby Elephant Walk," which became a classic song. Great John Wayne movie.
I love Gerard Butler movies. Have you seen his latest?
What is his latest? I am not even sure.
I don't know that it is his latest, but I saw London Has Fallen recently.
I haven't seen  that yet. What is that about?
Well it is a sequel to Olympus Has Fallen. Have you seen that?
I have. So the characters are the same?
Yes, they are. It just takes place as a terrorist attack in London.
Oh, well I liked the first one. I guess I will have to try to watch that one.
You should, I think you will enjoy it.
You know what I think his best movie is?
What is that?
Law Abiding Citizen.
I have seen that one. It was okay, not really my favorite.
What is your favorite Gerard Butler movie?
I would say probably The Bounty Hunter.
Is that the one with Jennifer Aniston?
Yes. It is a romantic comedy.
Of course, you like romantic comedies.
I do, but I think the plot of this one is truly unique in the genre.
I agree. I love the chemistry between the actors.
Have you watched Speed before?
Sure have.
That movie was awesome.
iIf you like that kind of movie.
Do you?
You bet I do.
Was a little unrealistic at times.
Yeah it was but that doesn't mean it wasn't awesome.
It's always easy to watch sandra bullock too.
and keanu
I thought it was funny when the bus jumped the freeway.
I know right
like all of a sudden there was a ramp there for it to use
that was funny. or the one part when they got off the on ramp crashing into cars and not slowing down.
yeah all you would do is slow down
plus making sharp turns
bus would do nothing but flip
you know what even funnier
what
speed 2
Do you wanna go see Baby Driver?
I have no idea what that is.
It is the new Edgar Wright movie.
Sorry, not sure who that is either.
He did Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, etc.
Oh!  I loved those movies, what is this new one about?
Ansel Elgort plays a getaway driver named Baby.
I guess that title makes more sense now.
It currently has 100% on Rottentomatoes.
That is quite impressive.
Yea, though I feel like most of his movies are great.
I still like Shaun of the Dead the most.
What about Hot Fuzz?
I actually did not really like Hot Fuzz at all.
How about The World's End?
I also did not enjoy that one too much.
What about Scott Pilgrim?
He did Scott Pilgrim?
Yea, wrote and directed it.
I had no idea, that I liked.
What are you doing later tonight?
No plans actually. Why?
Wanna catch a movie?
Sure! What did you have in mind?
Well, I have a Netflix subscription!
Cool! There's a few movies on there I've been wanting to see.
Awesome. What ones?
Well... I'm pretty into romantic comedies, so there's a bunch.
Yeah there's a good amount of romanctic comedies on Netflix.
Have you ever seen The Breakup?
I haven't, but it looks funny!
It is! Its kind of an older movie, but it's still good.
Really? When did it come out?
I don't remember exactly. Probably 10 years ago or so.
Wow, time flies!
Haha yeah it does.
The late 2000s were a great time for romantic comedies actually.
Yeah it was!
But the 80s were probably best.
I totally agree!
Is The Thing very suspenseful?
Yes
Is that with Kurt Russel?
Yes
Did John Carpenter do it?
Yes. It might be his best movie
I loved Halloween
Me too
Is it scary like that?
No, it is much different than that one
How?
It has a more sci fi feel to it
That sounds great
Yeah, sci fi movies are awesome
I agree
I think I will watch The Thing tonight
Count me in
Is Kurt Russel the main character?
Yes
He is always good in a leading role.
Have you sen the new Wonder Women movie?
Yes, I thought it was good.
It was definitely the best DC movie so far.
It gives me hope for the Justice League movie
I know what you mean.  I love the Justice League and scared they would screw it up.
But now I feel a little better about it.
Batman V Superman stunk.
It got worse each time I saw it.
What did you think of Suicide Squad?
Now that I actually thought was decent also.
I liked the different characters in it.
I thought Will Smith did a good job as always.
I thought Margo Robbie was awesome as Harley Quinn.  I also liked that version on the joker.
It reminded me of the cartoon version.
I thought they nailed it, but read reviews that thought otherwise
You can never please everyone
I think Ben Afffick Is doing good as batman.
I think he is also
Deadpool was great, don't forget about that.
Ryan Renyolds killed IT IN Deadpool.  I can't wait for the next one.
I grew up watching Singing in the Rain.
I should re-watch that. It was really good.
I had a crush on Donald O'Connor.
Not Gene Kelly?
Nah, he didn't do it for me.
Huh. Y'know Debbie Reynolds was only like nineteen when she did it.
That's way too young.
It was way too young for Carrie Fisher and Star Wars too, though.
Hollywood is just messed up when it comes to kids.
Yep. Still, I think they both survived it. Before they died there was a documentary...
Oh yeah! I've been meaning to check that out.
Apparently they lived next to each other and bantered all the time.
It was insanely tragic they died so close together but...
Yeah no, I feel you. It was kinda poetic at the same time.
Mhm. I was still super surprised, though.
Me too. Carrie was rockin' it in the Star Wars movies.
They're doing pretty well!
Yeah! Have you seen Rogue One yet?
Not yet. I'm excited for it though. Everybody says they haven't had as much fun watching Star Wars since the '80s.
Hahaha. Also known as 'this is so much better than the prequels.' But yeah it was great.
Did you like Interstellar
Yes
What did you think about the characters?
They were funny and did a great job
Matthew McConaughey had a believable performance
He was too good of a pilot
When he guided the ship to the space station with it spinning out of control, that was a bit unrealistic
It was a dumb mistake on Matt Damon's character
Yeah, there should have been someone in charge
Anne Hathaway was scary at the start
She was scary when you didn't know that it was NASA
It's no wonder they were keeping their operation secret with how the schools felt about them
I wonder if the teacher was misinformed or if she was trying to hide the truth
You were led to believe that she was misinformed
Compared to what the reality was, she was way off. They were doing big things
I didn't understand the urgency to find somewhere earthlike so quickly
There plenty of technology that didn't seem to fit with the timeline.
I'm not sure how the space station got over the planet in the other system
The inside of the black hole was really fiction
On the up side, it does illustrate what one might look like
What's your favorite movie?
Breaking Bad
That's not a movie..
no?
It's a TV series...
Oh, oh, yea you said MOVIE!
yea..
my bad, I'm super tired
Why?
I was up late watching my favorite movie
...
What?
What's your favorite movie...
Transformers
Oh, boy.  Michael Bay...
Naw he's great!
I think I've had enough Michael Bay talk for now..
Okay...
later...
bye..
We're going to watch She Wore a Yellow Ribbon tonight. Want to join us?
Oh, no thanks. I'm not into John Wayne movies.
No? They're the best!
I mean I like some of the trademarks of him as an actor, I just can't seem to enjoy the movies.
Well that's too bad. I love how his characters always get the bad guy and his no nonsense approach to justice.
That's one of my issues with it. Some of the ideals about what makes a bad guy bad and the inflated view of manmade laws.
I just see them as good clean fun.
Oh, don't get me wrong, there are some aspects of westerns I really like, such as all the beautiful scenery, the deserts and streams and such, but they get a lot wrong, too.
Such as?
The Native Americans are typically played in a very stereotypical way and aren't even portrayed by Native actors for example.
Oh, I've seen that. I think it just shows the time period.
Yeah, it's just nice to not have to be reminded that history was so terrible. There's also a lot of pro-war messages in westerns and you always see people on "cattle drives" and other ventures to exploit animals.
I don't think people in that time really knew better.
Whether they did or not, it's still not something I really enjoy. I'll watch them with family who's into them, and enjoy the things like the scenery and music and take the rest with a grain of salt.
Tell me about the music.
Well I remember one John Wayne movie in particular where Dean Martin and Ricky Nelson sang a song together. I thought that was pretty cool.
Oh yeah, that was Rio Bravo. I like that one.
Rio Bravo! That's the one, I remember thinking how funny Dean Martin's character was.
He can be pretty funny.
So those are some things I enjoy about them.
There's a movie I saw as a kid, that I'll probably never know what it was called.
What year was that?
It was around 1970. Saw it in Los Angeles.
Tell me the plot and I'll see if I know what it was.
Well, I think it was a Disney movie, but it seemed to have some violence in it, so I'm not sure.
Was it a drama, a comedy, or animated?
It was a comedy, at least for the first few minutes, when a man was thrown out of a Cadillac.
That doesn't sound like a Disney movie to me!
It must have been rated "G", because my mother took my brother and me to see it. It got a big laugh, though.
What else can you remember about it?
It was a modernized version of "Don Quixote" by Cervantes.
Well, that shouldn't be too hard to identify.
I've looked for years for the thing. There was a big train wreck at the end of the movie.
Do you remember any of the actors? "Don Quixote" came out in 1605, I think. World's best-selling book!
No. I didn't recognize any of them, and don't even remember the middle of the movie.
Who was thrown out of the Cadillac?
It was supposed to be Pancho, the sidekick to "The Man of La Mancha".
And there was a train wreck at the end? There was the musical, "The Man of La Mancha"...
I suppose Pancho and The Man went out on a quest, and derailed a train. But this was no musical.
Odd. There must be a database of movies made by year, or some cross reference to "Don Quixote" you could look up.
I have to write a paper on motion picture history for my class.
Have you chosen what movie you will pick to discuss?
I need some suggestions.
I took a similar class, there are a few movies that always kept coming up in the class.
What movies were those.
There is one called 12 Angry Men.
I have never heard of it.
It is usually the gate way film for many getting into film.
Are there any that may be more well known?
I think CaddyShack is actually a good one.
That is the one with Bill Murray right?
Yes, even in college it is known as a bit of a master piece.
I thought it was very funny.
It was one of the first really irrelevant movies to hit it so big.
I loved the comedy in that.
The use of the beaver was one of my favorite parts.
I do not think they are really looking for a comedy, is there another one?
A newer one might be Fargo.
Is that the film the tv series is based on?
It is, it is so dark and very funny, but not exactly a comedy.
Have you seen any good action movies lately?
Not for a while.
What is the last good one you saw?
I really like the Smoking Aces movies.
I like those as well.
The first one is far better than the second.
I agree.
What is your favorite assassin group in the first one?
I like the brothers that drive around  in the car.
Yeah, they are crazy.
What is your favorite group.
I think I like the guy that impersonates Bertolli.
He is scary.
He sure is.
What is your favorite scene in the movie?
I like when the lady is shooting the large sniper rifle through the windows.
That part is gnarly.
What is your favorite?
I think mine would be when they are all in the hotel room at the very end.
That part has a lot of action.
what movie would you like to see today?
I'm not sure. What is your favorite funny movie?
I would have to say Liar Liar! That movie always cracks me up.
I absolutely love that movie. The elevator scene cracks me up.
I always laugh out loud at that scene.
Besides the movie being funny, it's really well-written.
I agree 100%. There actually is a valuable lesson to be learned from that movie.
I would have a really hard time telling the truth all day long.
I would especially at work. Who is the main actor in a movie?
It is Jim Carrey.
Isn't that one guy from Saw in it as well.
Oh yeah completely forgot about him. He is really young and that movie.
Did he play the wife's boyfriend?
Yes, I always remember him from the plane in the movie.
Do you remember the little boy's real name?
You mean the kid who made the wish?
Yes, Jim Carrey's son in the movie.
His name is Justin Cooper.
Then he played Dennis the Menace.
Yes in the live action version called Dennis the Menace strikes again.
Do you have a favorite movie?
Mine has to be The Fountain.
Oh, what's that? I've never heard of it.
It's a movie by Darren Aronofsky. I can't really explain what genre it is.
Is it realistic, or is it more of a fantasy movie?
It's more fantasy, but in a way that is about real life. Like, it talks about a real life situation, which is that this woman is dying of cancer.
But it uses the fantasy to get at the difficult parts of that situation?
Yeah. It's basically about how hard it is to say goodbye. I love it, but it makes me cry every time.
That's fair, I usually don't like sad movies very much. My favorite movie is Jupiter Ascending.
Wasn't that the one directed by the Watchowski sisters?
Yeah, it is. I find everything that they do so much fun.
They put a lot of effort into design, too. The Matrix looked really cool and I've heard that Jupiter Ascending does too.
The costumes alone are so stunning! The plot goes a little off the rails, though.
That's okay, I don't mind that. Who's in it?
Mila Kunis and Channing Tatum are the main characters.
Anyone else I might know?
Eddie Redmayne is in it too. His performance is really dramatic and hilarious.
Sounds great. I really like Eddie Redmayne, because he's handsome and a good actor.
Hahaha, well, he's in a lot of this movie, so you might like it.
Sounds great! Thanks for telling me about it!
Did you ever watch Batman vs Superman?
Yea, it was terrible.
I could not believe how bad it was.
The whole turning point of the fight was so stupid.
You mean the Martha scene?
Yea, it made no sense at all.
Two people trying to kill each other stop fighting because their mothers have the same name.
It is just so stupid, Snyder should stop making movies.
Yea, none of his movies have been good for a very long time now.
It has been all downhill since Watchmen and 300.
Yea, I do not understand why DC keeps signing him.
Yea, Suicide Squad was also realy bad.
I just don't get the executives.
Yea, why keep financing flops?
Maybe they still think they have a chance at beating Marvel.
We all know that will never happen.
Yea, they are just too big at this point.
And also their movies actually do well.
Yea, it seems like they have won the movie battle.
Yea, I just hope we start getting more original movies.
I am never going to see all the movies on the list of my movies to watch.
That's why I recommend keeping it really short.
See that wouldn'r work for me.
Why not?
because I need a lot of options to choose from when I'm picking out a movie. If I pick out the right one but at the wrong time I may end up enjoying it significantly less than I otherwise would have.
That's like… ridiculously finicky.
I know, it really is. And that's if I don't otherwise get distracted and give up on the movie because it's just not the right time to watch it.
But it doesn't sound like the long list working for you either.
Well it kind of does, but that's taking me too long  to pick movies out from. I probably had more than 2000 movies on my list of movies to watch, and sometimes I spend the length of a movie just reviewing the list.
Alright. You're completely insane. No, you're never gonna watch all those movies.
But why not?
Because you just said you're never going to watch all those movies. Man, you really are insane!
I have already seen around 2500 movies from beginning to end, but I guess it still would be hard to finish that list. Especially since I keep adding more.
So maybe if you stop adding movies to that list, you'll be able to watch the ones that are already on it when you're twice as old as you are now.
That sounds like an idea. But I don't think I can stop adding movies to the list, there's too many interesting ones I keep discovering.
Don't you get tired of watching movies?
Yeah, sometimes, and then I find other things to do. Which I guess is why I am so behind on the list.
I'm gonna find that list of yours and erase it.
Oh don't do that. I know it sounds crazy, but the advantage is that when I finally do settle on just the right thing to watch after consulting the list of films I was curious about, I usually end up enjoying it!
Yeah, but then you have to find a copy of it to watch. I just look at what's easily available.
What are the top three worst ever movies you've seen, and why?
Oh dear, that's a hard one. First off, is Star Dust.
What made it so horrible?
Well, it was long and cheesy and long . . .
So it was too long?
Yeah, but it also just didn't make sense and didn't have a lot of good plot and everything.
What's the second one?
I really didn't like the Goonies.
Are you kidding? That's like - a cult classic!
I know. I feel really weird admitting that I don't like it but I didn't like the attitude the kids had.
Attitudes?
Yeah - the older kids were just bullies and rude and disgusting. I had a lot of none pleasant emotions watching that one.
Okay, I guess whatever goes for you. What's the third worst movie you've watched?
Well, I've watched part of Gone With the Wind, and I realize it's supposed to make you feel appalled, but I didn't like it.
What is with you, all these cult classics!
I know. It's just that there is so much at stake during the war time and so many things hung in the balance.
It opened a window for people to see and understand what was going on.
Oh, entirely, and that's good. The main character, what's her face, just drove me up the wall.
Scarlett O'Hare?
Yes. She's so immature and selfish!
Have you seen the Shining?
Which one, the movie or mini-series?
Oh, I didn't realize there was more than the movie. That's all I've seen.
Yeah, the movie came first and Stephen King really wasn't happy with how it turned out.
That's why there was a mini series made?
Exactly, so you see the plot taking different turns in each one but they each have their merits.
Well even if I didn't have the same vision for the story Stephen King had, I still appreciated the movie a lot.
Absolutely, and to answer your question, I have seen it several times and it's one of my favourites.
How come?
Oh, it's kind of a classic within my family, it scared me to death as a kid and I'm just a big fan of the stories King comes up with in general.
Nice, nice.
Oh! Plus I liked Jack Nicholson's acting in it.
Me too.
I know he wasn't who King liked for the role because he seemed like he was already on the way to crazy from the start, but I can't help it.
Well I'm learning all kinds of new things.
Yeah, similarly he thought Shelley DuVall seemed too emotionally weary from the start unlike the privileged cheerleader type he envisioned for the role.
You know, I kind of thought that myself and I had no idea he felt the same!
Well you know what they say, great minds think alike.
I guess so. I could never have come up with a story like that though, with the hotel itself being an entity trying to take advantage of his boy's powers!
It really is a tremendous story the more you get into it and read about and learn about it. Not just a shallow horror like some.
Hello
Hey you still coming
Well yeah why would i not
I dont know
Just trying to get ready
Well you are taking awhile
you know i was busy
Well i know
I am going to be to the movie theatre as soon as  i can
Okay
What movie were we watching again
The new Pirates of the Caribbean movie
Awesome
Yeah
I am so looking forward to it
Well so am i
Okay i am ready
Well get on
I am jeeze patience
Why
What is your type of movie?
I actually have a couple of different type. I like comedies and thrillers.
What is one of your favorite comedy movies?
Happy Gilmore
Why is that a favorite?
Adam Sandler makes the movie funny.
What do you mean by that?
He's a frustrated hockey player who sucks but, turns to golf.
What is your favorite part of the movie?
I would say when he makes an impossible putt to win the tour championship.
Do you have another favorite comedy?
I would say Caddyshack.
Why is that a favorite.
Because of Rodney Dangerfield, rest his funny soul.
How about a thriller movie.
I would say Seven.
Why Seven?
Because of the acting of Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman.
What made it a thriller?
Freeman and Pitt finding Pitt's wifes head in a box in the desert.
Did you hear about that new movie that Mel Gibson directed?
Are you referring to Hacksaw Ridge?
Yes, that's the one!
Yes, I saw it and really enjoyed it!
Was it as good as a lot of the reviews were claiming?
It certainly was...maybe even better!
How so?
Well, the action was intense and the acting was terrific.  The plot was the best part, though!
Really?  Wasn't it based on a true story.
Yes, it was and, from what I heard, it was authentic.
Well, that's always appealing.  Wasn't Vince Vaughn in it?
Yes and he did a great job.
That's not his typical role is it?
Not all.  He definitely delivered though.
Was it a tearjerker or what?
I didn't cry but a friend of mine did.  It is really emotional.
You're making me want to see it!
You definitely should!  It's not playing at the theaters anymore, though.
Is it available to rent on DVD yet?
It probably is but I'm not sure.  Let me know if you find it and I'll watch it with you!
Do you like war movies?
Yes I do.
They can be tough to watch but it's history.
I know what you mean.
Saving private Ryan was great.
One of the best
To hanks is great in anything he does.
He's one of the best.
Wasn't that a Steven Spielberg movie?
Yes it was.
I think vin diesel was even in it.
Yes he was.
Steven Spielberg won the academy award for best director.
Yes,not his only one I don't think.
I forgot Matt Damon was also in it.
Another star for sure
Tom,Sizemore is another one in it.
Wow,you're right again.
What year did it come out?
I think it was 1998
What's your favorite movie?
Fight Club
Fight Club?
Yea, it's awesome
Why?
I like it
Very specific...
Okay, I like Tyler
What about him do you like?
His personality
Okay... and...?
And what?
You are so short with me
How so?
This is like pulling teeth
I dont know what to tell you
Tell me more?
About what?
Never mind...
Bye..
Do you ever dowload bootleg movies?
No I do not think that is right and it has hurt the movie industry.
Do you like foreign films?
Yes I like them a lot, there is a lot to learn about different cultures.
Even with subtitles? They bother me.
Yes they do not bother me.
What things do you think happen to often in movies?
I think that every romantic comedy has the same plot and that is why I do not like that genre.
Which movie star should live forever?
Harrison Ford has been in so many great movies that he would definetly keep making great movies if he was immortal.
If a movie star wanted to marry you, would you divorce your spouse?
No that is superficial, unless it was Angelina Joie.
Have you ever though about what super powers you would like to have?
I would like to be like Ironman and have the ability to fly around.
Which horror movie is the scariest?
The exorcist was the scariest movie that I have ever seen.
Do you think there is too much violence in movies?
There can be but that is why they have ratings on each to make sure the audience is aware.
Do you prefer to read a book before seeing a movie?
Yes, I read every Harry Potter book before going to see them in the movies.
Any good movies you've seen lately?
Not really, there haven't been a lot of good movies to come out.
I kind of feel that way, too.
It seems like every year there's a new superhero movie that people are dying to see.
I also feel that way, it feels like a money grab sometimes.
I think that's probably what it is, though I know Wonder Woman got great reviews.
Oh, I've heard that too. Have you seen it?
No, not yet. I've been meaning to fairly soon.
I would like to see it, I have high hopes for it and I love what people have been saying about the way it's directed.
I wish they would do more monster movies sometimes.
Don't they have a lot of horror movies that have monsters in them?
Hmm, I wouldn't really say so. A lot of horror movies lately have been about murderers or dark realistic concepts.
I guess you could be right. I'm not into horror movies really so I wouldn't know.
The Babadook was technically a monster movie.
Was that any good?
I thought it was great, but it's still kind of an older movie. It came out in 2014.
I think that's still a new movie then, anything older than five years to me would be an old movie.
If you say so. I just love that fear of something fantastical, you know?
I can understand that, it's a fun feeling.
Yeah, I get a big thrill out of watching the characters try to survive something unreal.
I am so disapointed in Disney
Why
Because their movies
But what about their movies
They are just bad
No way
I dont mean all
Then what do you mean
Their new sequels
Some of them are not that bad
But they are so generic
is that a bad thing
Well yes
But why
Because they used to innovative
Sometimes you dont need innovation
But it should not be cliched to the point of boredom
I guess
No i am right
Possibly
Have you seen the Labyrinth?
I don't think so what's it about?
It has David Bowie in it and he is the goblin king!
The Goblin King?
Yes it's a fantasy movie about a girl who creates an alternate reality of her own.
Sounds interesting.  Wasn't there another labyrinth movie out recently?
Guillermo Del Toro did one called pan's labyrinth.  It wasn't quite as whimsical.
I heard about that one, it's pretty dark to my understanding.
Yes it doesn't have a happy ending.
The only thing I didn't like about it is the subtitles.
Wow subtitles. I don't know if i would enjoy that.
There isn't a lot of dialogue so it wasn't that bad.
It's hard to watch movies with subtitles but sometimes it's worth it.
I don't know how the silent movie era patrons did it.
I wonder if they were annoyed when the talkies came along.
Maybe it was annoying to hear someone talking instead of reading.
So much has changed in the last 60 years in cinema.
Yes it has.
Just think how different things will be in another 60 years.
Scary to think about really!
This past year I wanted to prepare for the Oscars by watching as many of the nominated movies as I could.
That is a very cool idea. What was your favorite Oscar nominated movie you watched this year?
La La Land was definitely my favorite. It was amazing.
Who is in that movie?
It stars Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling. It is sort of a jazzy musical but also romantic comedy.
Sounds good. Did it win Best Picture?
No! Unfortunately it did not.
What movie won?
Moonlight won Best Picture.
Did you watch that one?
Nope I never got to it. I did watch a couple other nominated movies though.
What was your second favorite?
Probably Hidden Figures.
Oh I have heard of that one! That is about the women who helped NASA right?
Yeah. It stars Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer.
It also has Kevin Costner in it right?
Yeah it does. They all are so amazing in it!
Nice! I saw the previews for that movie and it looked really good.
Yeah. Next year my goal is to watch every single movie nominated for Best Picture before the Oscars happen.
That is a great idea, I think I will do it with you!
I watched the most elegant gangster movie the other day, if you can imagine such a thing.
What movie?
Brother. It is directed by Japanese auteur Takeshi Kitano.
Is it all in Japanese?
No, it's a split between Japanese and English. It takes place in LA.
What made it elegant?
You have to see Kitano's films. He brings an elegance to everything he touches, even violence.
Can you elaborate?
He doesn't do any cheesy action. The films are gritty.
That sounds grim.
It is offset by beautifully composed music.
Is the music done by anyone I know?
Joe Hisaishi. He actually scores a lot of Hayao Miyazaki's films, which I know you are a fan of.
Wow, that sounds like a strangely interesting audio/visual experience.
He also has the best Japanese fashion designer - Yohji Yamamoto - doing the costumes in this movie.
I can see how well dressed gangsters will add an air of elegance to the movie.
Another funny thing about Kitano's movies is that characters who talk a lot are always portrayed as idiots.
This is reflective of real life, I suppose.
It was his first and final foray into American cinema. It's a totally underrated movie with a compelling soundtrack.
I will have to check it out!
Have you ever seen Death Proof?
What was that?
It was a Tarrentino movie.
Oh, was that one of the one's that was released as the double feature?
It might have been.  I only saw this film from it though.
Oh, I think I saw both of them.
Well, this is the one with the car.
It had Kurt Russell, right?
Yeah, he was the crazy man in the car.
Yeah, I thought it was him.
Did you like it?
It started off kind of slow for me.
Did you like it when it picked up though?
Oh, yeah!  It was a nailbiter!
Yeah, I freaked out when he was chasing that second group of girls.
Yeah, I honestly thought he'd get at least one of them.
I think he thought that too.
Well, it didn't work out too well for him though.
Not at all.
I loved that ending.
My boyfriend and I just watched the Dallas Buyers' Club the other night. Have you seen it?
No, but I've heard of it. Who is in it again?
Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto.
Oh yeah, Didn't McConaughey win an Oscar for it?
He did! Although I liked Leto's performance better.
What's it about?
It's about a Texas man's-man who gets HIV when most of the people getting it were gay.
How did he get it?
He got it through unprotected sex with a woman who did intravenous drugs.
That's so scary!
Yes, and unfortunately he lost many of his friends because they thought he was gay, and they would not accept him anymore.
That's horrible. What did he do?
He finds out about drugs available in other countries and makes them available in Dallas.
Isn't that illegal?
Yes! He gets into trouble with the police and the IRS.
So he just becomes a businessman?
Kind of, but he also befriends a lot of people in the gay community and really helps people out.
Wow, is it based on a real story?
It is! The man was only supposed to live for 30 days but he ended up living for 7 more years.
That's inspiring! I want to see it now.
Hey! What do you think is the scariest movie you have ever seen is?
That is a good question. I don't know what about you?
I think the scariest movie I have ever seen is The Shining.
The Shining? Who is in that movie?
It stars Jack Nicholson. It was from the 1980's.
Is that the one that takes place in the hotel and the husband goes kind of crazy.
Yeah! He and his family are taking care of the hotel during the winter season.
I have heard that movie is very scary.
It is! I had nightmares about it many times after the first time I saw it.
Wow then it must be very scary.
It is!
Alright, I figured out what the scariest movie I have ever seen is.
What is it?
I have to go with Panic Room.
I don't think I have ever seen that. What is it about?
It is about a woman and her daughter her move into a house that has a "panic room" that you can hide in and it is built so that nobody can ever get into it and you are safe.
Oh cool. What happens next?
An intruder comes into the house and they run in the panic room but they had just moved in so the police system is not set up yet and they have to try to get help somehow.
Wow! Sounds good. Who is in it?
Jodie Foster.
Have you seen The Sixth Sense?
Yes with Bruce Willis.
That was a great movie.
Mischance Barton was in it right?
Yes she was.
How about Blue Bloods Donnie Wahlberg being in it.
That's right,I forgot he was in it.
He's a good actor.
Yea,I enjoy watching him.
Did you see Signs?
Yes,Mel Gibson was in it.
Yes and Joaquin Phoenix.
Really good movie.
Bruce Willis is another good Bruce Willis movie.
Oh,that was another good one.
Samuel L Jackson was in it too.
Yea,he's really good.
How about Robin Wright from House of Cards.
Oh yea,she's really good.
Really pretty too.
Did you see Dr Strange?
Yeah, that movie was awesome.
I didn't get a chance to see it. Who's in it.
Benedict Cumberbatch is Dr Strange. He steals the show.
Oh, he's that Sherlock Holmes guy right?
Yes, among other things.
Yeah I liked him in Star Trek as well.
Yeah, well he does a great job as Dr Strange. Fits the persona really well.
Okay, I guess I'll have to check it out.
Yeah, really cool special effects as well.
Oh yeah, I'm always for the effects.
And it's pretty comical in it as well.
Yeah, most of those new marvel movies are pretty funny at times.
Well, some are pretty corny. Take the Avengers
Oh I loved that movie.
Yeah, some of the one-liners were a bit much for me.
No way, they were classic lines.
Most of it was cheap humor.
Well we'll have to disagree on that one.
Okay, but in the end I'll have to check out Dr Strange.
Are you exited about the new Justice League movie?
Not realy, I didnt like the previous DC movies.
Oh yeah, howcome you didnt like them?
The movies are too loaded and they have great visual effects but sometimes its too much.
I know I liked the last Batman trilogy I thought it had just the right  amount of effects and a great story line.
Yeah, the last Batman vs Superman movie was quite dissapointing.
I didnt like it either I expected a lot more from it.
What do you think of Ben Afflect as the new Batman?
Well I didnt particularly like him, I thought Christian Bale was doing a great job.
Yeah he was, but he left the Batman movies while they were glorious.
I liked the trilogy with him a lot.
I liked it a lot as well, its not the same anymore.
Yeah, hopefully things will get better and the directors will notice these mayor flaws.
I think they went with all those visual effects in order to challange Marvel but this ended being their downfall.
Yeah, they started with the left foot.
Whats your favorite DC superhero?
Well I like Batman the most, what about you?
Ive always been a Superman fan although Batman is pretty cool as well.
Yeah, those are the best characters really.
I like the villains a lot.
What's your favorite musical comedy movie?
I have two favorites - I can't pick between them.
What's the first one?
It's Singing' in the Rain, with Gene Kelly, Debbie Reynolds, and Donald O'Connor.
Oh yeah, that's a great movie.
I'm sure it's on a lot of people's "best" lists. It is just an amazingly perfect, funny, romantic, musical movie.
Do you have any favorite moments in the film?
When Donald O'Connor sings Make 'Em Laugh. It's a great song for him, he shows off his dancing, he walks up walls, it's awesome.
It was Debbie Reynolds' breakout film, wasn't it?
She was very young, and Gene Kelly worked her hard, but she kept up with him and Donald, which is saying something.
I loved Jean Hagan as Don Lockwood's screechy ditzy costar.
She was the best! And even though she's kinda dumb, she is very savvy about her career, and she has even the heads of the studio over a barrel for much of the movie.
What's your other favorite comedy musical?
The Court Jester, with Danny Kaye and Glynis Johns. It's far and away my favorite Danny Kaye film.
"The pellet with the poison's in the vessel with the pestle..."
See, everybody knows The Court Jester.
He has great co-stars - Basil Rathbone is the bad guy.
There is an amazing sword fight between them toward the end. It sends up all the great swashbuckler battles, but at the same time, it's a great sword fight on its own.
Danny Kaye's ability with trick lyrics is legendary.
His wife Sylvia Fine wrote all of his numbers, to show him off in the best way. The Court Jester does just that.
So I heard some news you're just going to love.
Hit me with it.
There's apparently a new trailer out for Pitch Perfect 3.
You're kidding me.
Nope, they made yet another one.
Why?  This story is old.  Just let it go!
Sorry Elsa, they ain't letting go.
They only did this because the second one make a lot of cash.
Right.  And they are cheap to make.
What's the premise of this one?
Not sure yet, haven't seen the trailer.
I would guess a lot more scat jokes and fat jokes at Amy's expense.
Probably.  It worked the first two times.
Who is in it?
All the original cast, they're all back again I believe.
This just sounds dreadful.  I don't even want to watch the trailer.
It's probably one of those movies you'll have to see though because everybody else will see it.
I know, I just hate that I have to do that to remain socially relevant.
You're a brave man.
I know.  Buy my ticket for me, please.
Have you ever seen the Big Lebowski?
No, was it good?
Many people say it is the greatest film of all time.
Oh what is it about?
It is a man's life story, part of his life, but it is just a funny and great story.
Ok that could be good.
It is, it is funny and smart.
Are there any big name actors in it?
Yes there are many, there is John Goodman, Steve Buscemi, Julianne Moore, and the star Jeff Bridges.
Wow that is a star studded cast.
Yes and they all deliver giving their best performances.
You really liked it?
Yes it is so funny and even dramatic at times.
Ok that sounds like a good film.
Yes it is so great I have watched it twice.
Wow that says a lot.
Yes this film is one of the best of all time.
Ok that is what I want to hear.
Yes I have given you a good recommendation.
I appreciate the recommendation.
I can't believe I watched that stupid movie Passengers.
Ha! I told you not to waste your time!
I still wanted to see it cause I LOVE Chris Pratt! Andy Dwyer really let me down this time.
Yeah, he let both you and Johnny Karate down.
And Laurence Fishburne was in this movie! What a waste of talent!!
He was severely underutilized.
And was that captain at the end Andy Garcia?
Yes it was. Another waste.
I felt like this movie was re-edited and cut out all the best parts.
Horrible, just horrible. I was actually nauseated when Jim woke Aurora up.
It was Disgusting! It was such a violation to wake her up knowing you doom her to a life on that ship.
It was made worse by the fact she intended to return to earth.
Did that actually make sense? It's 120 years each way, so when she gets back everyone she knows is already dead.
That was a weak plot point.
Well she stayed awake and wrote her story.
Yeah, and it only cost her life.
I know. I thought this movie was going to be more action packed.
Nothing was action oriented for the first hour or so.
I kept waiting for the movie I was promised.
Too bad for you that promise was broken.
Lets talk about movies
Great i love movies
I really like comedy movies
Me too
My favorite comedy actress is melissa mccarthy
Shes amazing
I love her movies
Me too
My favorite is the heat
Her and sandra bulllock are great togethrr
They sure are
That movie is hilarious
I also liked the boss
That was okay
It wasnt her best movie
No it wasnt
Tammy was okay
Yes that one was funny
It was
I enjoyed it
Is Evil Dead any good?
Yes. I love Evil Dead.
Is it a zombie movie?
Yes, sort of.
Is it a series?
There are two more.
Who directed the films?
Sam Raimi
Oh, the guy who did Spiderman.
Yes, but Evil Dead is his best.
Is Bruce Campbell in all of them?
Yes he is. The third one is my favorite.
Why is that?
Army of Darkness had the best story and was set in medieval times.
Are there swords?
Yes.
And zombies?
Yes. it is a really unique film
Is it one of your favorites?
Absolutely.
Is Mad Max a great film?
Yes. It's a great action film.
Cool. Is there a second one?
The Road Warrior
Awesome.
Have you seen both?
Not yet.
The Road Warrior is great.
Is it well directed?
Yes, it is.
I love Mel Gibson.
He's really good in it.
Is Mad Max the best action movie?
I don't know. Total Recall is pretty good.
Is that with Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Yes
I remember that one. They are on Mars
Yes. It is awesome.
I love when they fall into the red sand and then their eyes start popping out.
That is a classic scene.
What's your favorite western movie ever?
That's almost too tough to choose.
Alright, I'll start.  I'll say Unforgiven.
Pretty darn good choice.  I prefer the classics a bit more.
And what classic would that be?
The Searchers.
Hey, that's an admirable choice.  The ending scene is iconic.
You mean the doorway scene?
Right.  He kind of stands there, doesn't know what to do, and then walks away.
It was a brilliant framing device for his overall character.
The reason I like Unforgiven is just how non-Hollywood it is.
You mean how Clint Eastwood is an anti-hero?
Right.  William Munny is not a good man, but a man who operates out of necessity.
Very film school like of you to think of it in that manner.
That's not to say he doesn't have a heart, but he's also ruthless.
He apparently has killed women and children, at least that's alluded to.
Yeah, but the whole point is that you can't outrun your past.
And that past comes up to meet him at the end.
Like I said, just a phenomenal movie.
No doubt, so many great westerns!
What type of movies do you like the most?
I really like comedy/action movies.
Oh really, howcome?
I like that type of movie because it makes me laugh and also pumps me up.
Oh, I see, thats great.
What about you? what type of movies do you like?
Well my favorite type is terror I also like drama.
Uh, so you like to get scared huh?
Yeah every since I was a chile I remember liking being spooked.
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Yes I have, I just watched Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
I catched that one too, it was pretty funny.
Yeah, Im guessing you liked it a lot since its your type of movie.
I thought the combination of comedy and action was great in that movie.
Yeah, what other movies have you watched recently?
I just watched the Day of the Fallen.
Oh yeah and was it a good movie, I havent catched that one yet.
Yeah, it was great its based on a true story.
That sounds pretty good hopefully i'll catch it one of theese days.
Yeah, you should really watch it, it has a good cast and good sound effects.
Were there many good films in the 70's?
Yes. There were tons.
Like what for example?
The Exorcist and Barry Lyndon
Are they horror films?
The Exorcist is.
is Barry Lyndon?
No. It is a period piece movie.
Who plays Barry Lyndon?
Ryan O'neal
He is a good actor
He was great.
What happens in Barry Lyndon?
You really have to watch it.
Who directed the film?
It was Stanley Kubrick
Did he do any other films in the 70's?
Yes. A Clockwork Orange was in the 70's
Was that good?
It is great. It was rated X when it came out.
Did you watch the lego movie
Yes
Did you like it?
Loved it
So did i
Ive seen it alot of times
Me too
My kids made me go buy it
Its so funny
It really is
I like the first part
When hes getting ready for the day?
Yes
And he almost forgot his pants
So funny
And i liked the overpriced coffee part
That part was great
It was
Grest movie
Definitely
Hey Buddy, how you doing?
I'm doing good! Whats up?
Turn your tv to channel 96!
Why whats happening?
The University has the movie the Great Wall on!
What? Thats a brand new movie!
Yeah I know! I was surprised!
I saw the trailer and it has amazing visual effects!
Yeah I know!
And you know I am part Chinese so I love Kung Fu movies
Yeah I know!
I'm watching it now.. Matt Damon is such a great actor!
Yeah! He is awesome!
Wait! Is this a love story too?
Nope!
So what is it about?
Its about honor, respect and loyalty
Yeah those are virtues the world is lacking now a days!
Ok I will leave you to watch the rest of the movie
Ok thanks buddy. I will call you after the movie is done! Thanks for telling me about it!
Did you ever watch Burn After Reading?
No is that good?
Well it has Brad Pitt, George Clooney, and John Malkovich, what do you think?
Those are great actors.
Yes and the film is excellent.
What did you like about it?
Brad Pitt is at his funniest in this film.
Is that a fact?
It is my opinion but yes at times he is certainly hillarious.
Ok I appreciate your recomendation.
There is a good story in the film too.
Ok I like that.
John Malkovich is also at his funniest in this film.
That is good I like to laugh.
This film is truly unique, great writing, storytelling, and also funny.
Ok that sounds like a great watch.
Yes and the big name, star actors do a great job as well.
Ok I like to hear that.
Yes you will enjoy it.
Ok thank you for the recommendation.
Have you seen anything lately that you recommend watching?
Have you seen Logan?
I have not.
I would definitely recommend Logan. You don’t even have to be an x-men fan to watch it, although it helps.
Yes I did see the trailer in the movies, it did look good and I do like the x-men.
This one only has professor x, I’m not going to give anything away but it will make sense why when you watch it.
Cool. I just watched x-men Apocolypse at last.
What did you think?
I actually really enjoyed it, although I do like all of the newer x-men movies.
I agree, I really enjoyed days of futures past. The plot is a little wacky but I didn’t care and it had wolverine in it which was cool.
Yes, he is my favorite character. If you enjoyed them, then I think you will like Logan. It’s a different spin on the same character.
I think the marvel franchise is doing amazing work right now.
I totally agree. Ant-man was probabally one of my favorites.
Brilliant movie. I was suprised when I heard Paul Rudd was taking the role, but he really impressed me.
Me too, I couldn’t imagine anyone else playing the part better, he was surprisingly perfect for the role.
I had the same feeling with Dr Strange, I wasent expecting to enjoy it as much as I did.
I agree, I wasent really looking forward to it but it blew my mind when I saw it at the movies.
Yes, it had that inception vibe to it, it worked really well.
Benedict cumberbatch suited the character perfectly, I did not see that coming.
I know, who would have throught that Sherlock Holmes could make such a good Superhero.
Who is the better actor, Tom Cruise or Tom Hanks?
I would say Tom Hanks solely because he has made more great movies recently.
What about the recent Jack Reacher franchise?
Those movies were good, but they do not match the same level of quality as Bridge of Spies or Captain Phillips.
True, but I think that Tom Cruise's performances in Born on the Fourth of July and Magnolia were superior to Tom Hank's Oscar-winning performances in Forest Gump and Philadelphia.
I would agree that Forrest Gump was not as strong, but Philadelphia was an amazing film.
It was a great movie, but I thought that Denzel Washington had the better performance.
I'd say the two were equal. I love Denzel Washington though.
Yeah, I really enjoyed his performance in Malcolm X.
That was good, but I really like his newer stuff more.
I don't know. I found Fences sort of overrated.
Really? I thought that not only did he give a good acting performance, but his direction was very good.
Agree to disagree. However, his best performance is without a doubt Training Day.
I can definitely agree with that. Speaking of Training Day, what ever happened to Ethan Hawke?
He's done some great films since, such as the Purge and Boyhood.
I totally forgot about Boyhood. What a fascinating concept for a movie.
Yeah, to film a movie over an 11 year timespan was ambitious to say the least.
Yeah, between Boyhood and School of Rock, Richard Linklater has directed some of my favorite movies over the past 15 years.
Don't forget Dazed and Confused. He directed that too.
Also a quality movie. I really enjoyed Matthew McConaughey's performance as David Wooderson in the film.
Have you seen the movies The Last Mimzy?
Yes it was great!
It really went places that I had never expected.
That's what i want in out of in a movie.
Yes it is so refreshing and exciting when it does happen.
Timothy Hutton is the only famous actor in it that I knew.
Yes  that's true but isn't great they did such a good job on the trailer that it made you want to see it.
That is true. Why is it we are always so ready to watch movies if they have one actor we know and it could be bad.
I see where you are going with this. Why is it we are not so accepting of unknowns.
Yeah think of some jewels we may have missed out on just because there wasn't a "known" actor?
Wow isn't that a good metaphor for life. Not giving someone a chance because you don't know them.
Hey  hang on I need to go check my chicken. Hah i just thought of another silly movie Ghost and Mister Chicken. Who played lead?
Okay I am back. Did you get the answer without looking it up?
I had to look it up. I remembered the name of the movie but Don Knotts was not even on my mind.
Knott on your mind!!!  Gosh I am so lame.
Yes you are. Barney from Andy Griffin is Don Knotts and he's not someone I think of as an "actor"
more of a comedian I would say trying to act.
Very slapstick kind of humor.
Yes like Gilligan and Lucy.
Yes good analogy.
Hey man, what's up?
Not too much, what are you up to?
Just looking at all the new movies coming out, these next few years are going to be awesome!
I haven't really looked, what good ones are coming out?
Well, to start, Justice League is going to be out this year and it's going to be amazing.
Who's all going to be in that one?
Wonder woman, the guy who played Khal Drogo is playing aquaman, the flash, and a few others.
That does sound awesome.  Anything else?
Black panther, man, it looks so good.
I saw the trailer for that one, it does look awesome.
Yeah it does.  Besides super hero movies, Valerian looks good.
Is that the one with Cara Delevingne?
Yeah, I think it has the most potential besides Marvel or DC movies.
I'll have to watch the trailer for it, I don't know too much about it.
Do it. But back to movies coming out, not only is aquaman going to be in Justice League, he's got his own movie coming out in 2018!
Really? That's awesome
Yeah man, so many good ones coming out in 2018, Tomb Raider, a new avengers, a new Deadpool, I'm going to be broke.
Haha, they should have a pass you can buy to go to a new movie every week.
I think they do have something like that actually.
You'll have to get it!
Hey, I'm looking for a World War II movie to watch this weekend. Any ideas?
Saving Private Ryan is good. You can't go wrong with Tom Hanks.
Seen it a hundred times.
Oh. Who are you watching with?
My grandpa.
I would recommend a A Bridge To Far. It's about D-Day.
Oh, kind of like Band of Brothers?
Yes, but just a movie, not a series. It was made in the 1970s.
Okay, any other recommendations?
There's also The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, about a concentration camp. Kind of depressing though.
Oh, yeah, I've heard about that. The son of the German commander makes friends with a prisoner or something?
Yep. Does not end well.
Hmmm, something lighter, maybe.
Ok, Inglorious Basterds is less of a downer. Brad Pitt, George Clooney, and some dark humor.
That might be good. Do you know of any old movies about WWII?
He has probably seen Mr. Roberts. It's an oldy but goody. Takes place on a Navy ship. Very moving.
Oh, yeah, my mom loved that movie. Jack Lemmon right? She loved Jack Lemmon.
Well, you have some choices.
I think I'll queue up Mr. Roberts, for old times sake.
Cool. Have a good weekend!
Did you see Wonder Woman?
No, I've been meaning to though! How did you like it?
I thought it was okay. If I'm being honest, the plot was a little predictable, so I wasn't as impressed as I might have been.
Yeah, I'm not super into superhero movies either. I'll probably watch it when it comes to Netflix.
Good idea. I recently saw Get Out as well, which I loved.
Me too! I really hope it wins some awards.
Same, it was honestly one of the best movies I've seen in a long time.
Allison Williams played her character so perfectly. It was scary.
I know! I've watched some of the interviews she given for the movie, and she talk about how unnerving it was to play that character.
I can imagine. I wonder who else they considered for that role.
You should listen to some of the Jordan Peele interviews too. His take on the movie is really interesting.
I will check those interviews out. What other movies have you seen recently?
My friend dragged me to Beauty and the Beast a month or so ago.
Oh, what did you think of it? I saw it right after it came out.
It is was pretty good. I've actually never seen the cartoon version, and didn't actually know how it ended!
That is amazing; it is a pretty predicable plot as well though.
True. The set was really beautiful though; I enjoyed it.
Definitely. I love Emma Watson.
She is the best. I almost felt like she was too good for the movie.
Yeah, I've heard other people say that too. I thought she did a good job though.
Stand by Me is a good movie , isn't it?
I never saw it!
Really It was a story about four boys in the fifties looking for a boy that got killed by a train.
Sounds Good!
It is a classic, can't believe you never saw it.
Who was in it?
Will Wheaton, River Phoenix , COrey Feldman and Jerry O'Connell were the boys in the movie
Oh Okay.
And it was based on a Stephen King story called THE BODY.
I am going to have to watch it.
You definitely should.
I will tonight.
It has some great scenes, like the blueberry pie scene and the train track scene.
I can'tbeliee that I never heard of it.
Me either. My kids watched it about three thousand times when they were young.
I will have to get it.
Yea and let me know what you think about it.
I will!
Ok see you later.
Bye.
What is your favorite movie of all time?
Without question, the answer is Titanic!
Oh yah that is an amazing movie.
It was so well done!
The characters in the movie really looked like the real people.
Yes, I had watched a documentary about that and noticed that they made sure to closely match the characters to the real people.
I do not go to the theaters very often but I made sure to watch that one in the theater.
I love going to the big screen.  I really love watching movies in 3D.
I had wanted to go see Titanic in 3D but did not have a chance to do that.  I sure wish that I had.
It was amazing to see that in 3D on the big screen.  You missed out on that for sure.
I sit down an watch Titanic at least once a year.
I do that as well.  When I want to just relax and get comfortable I usually pick that one.
What was your favorite scene in that movie?
I liked the scene where Jack pulls Rose back over the rail.  What was yours?
I loved it when Jack taught Rose how to spit and he had spit all over his face when he met her mom.
That was hilarious!
I also liked when Rose found the heart of the ocean in her jacket pocket.
I would have never thrown that into the ocean like Rose did.
Talking about Titanic makes me want to watch it, do you want to come over and pop it in?
Sure!  I'll be right over.
What kinds of movies do you like?
I'm an 80's movie fan. The comedies mostly.
Same here! I love the 80s. Especially the Brat Pack movies.
Yes, those are the best. What are your favorites?
Definitely Breakfast Club, Sixteen Candles, and St. Elmo's Fire.
Oh my gosh, Sixteen Candles is my all time favorite movie! It's hilarious!
It really is. Anthony Michael Hall was hilarious in that!
He really was. I like the two geeks with the dark hair.
Yes, they're funny. John Cusack played one of them.
That's right! His sister Joan was in the movie, too.
Yes, she was the awkward girl with the neck brace.
When she drinks from the fountain and wipes her mouth with her shirt! I couldn't stop laughing!
That part was funny. I love Long Duk Dong!!
Yes! Gedde Watanabe played his character. I love when he comes down from the bed and scares Molly Ringwald.
He says, "What's Happenin' Hot Stuff!" So, so funny!
I really enjoyed Michael Schoeffling in that film, too. He made a great Jake.
I thought he and Molly Ringwald were cute together.
I loved that they got together at the end. And the kiss on the kitchen table was so romantic.
The people he had over totally trashed his house. It was destroyed.
Yeah but that was more Caroline's fault for bringing everyone there. I couldn't stand her character!
Free Fire was such a fun movie to watch!
Is that the latest Brie Larson movie with Armie Hammer and Sharlto Copley?
That's the one, they're all trapped in this warehouse after a guns deal goes wrong.
That sounds intense. Is it an all out action movie?
It's has a lot of humorous comedic tones as you can imagine with the cast, there's a lot of shoot outs.
I like the cast a lot and think I will look for this. Tell me some more about it.
Well the whole movie sets place in the warehouse and aside from the shootouts there's a lot of fun dialogue between the huge cast.
Who else is in this movie?
Cillian Murphy, Jack Reynor, Sam Riley, Noah Taylor and more!
That's a huge cast! I think I've seen all of Cillian Murphy's movies and I really like Jack Reynor as an up and coming young actor. Sam Riley is so underrated and so is Noah Taylor!
I think for Cillian my favorite movies of his are between Sunshine and 28 Days Later. Those were so good.
Those are my favorites too. Have you watched Sing Street? Jack Reynor is really good in there even though he's not the main actor.
I haven't watched Sing Street yet, but I remember Jack from Transformers Age of Extinction as the boyfriend character.
That was such a forgettable movie but yeah he was in that.
Check out Free Fire I think you'll really enjoy it. There's a mystery element too. They're trying to figure out who set them up and who's trying to steal the money involved in the deal.
I like these types of movies. They remind me of Quentin Tarantino movies.
I think this director was really going for the Tarantino vibes. There's a heavy focus on the dialogue and the fun moments. I did have to admit the injured crawling around got a little tedious after awhile and the space they were in felt very enclosed.
I would imagine so, but watching those performances going on kept things exciting. Brie's also in an action movie! I can't wait to see how she does.
She was also in Kong Skull Island but she didn't get much to work with even though I enjoyed that movie.
Oh that's right I forgot about Kong Skull Island. I'll try to look for Free Fire, that sounds like a really fun movie to watch.
What is your favorite comedy movie of all time?
Not sure -- either The Jerk or Meet the Parents.
The Jerk? I have never seen that.
You've got to be kidding me! It is seriously one of the funniest movies of all time. It stars Steve Martin and Bernadette Peters.
Oh, I love Steve Martin. What's it about?
Sort of a rags to riches story. A guy invents an eyeglass accessory.
I'll have to check it out. Have you see the movie Dick?
Good Dick?
No, Dick. It is a parody of Richard Nixon and Watergate.
Is it from the 70s?
No, I think the 90s. Kirsten Dunst is in it. She and another teenage girl accidentally get a job walking Nixon's dog.
Oh my god, that sounds great.
Yeah, they get to see all the behind the scenes activities in the White House. I won't tell you everything, though.
Historical comedy.
That reminds me of A Knight's Tale, although that wasn't really a comedy, but it had some funny stuff in it.
The one with Heath Ledger?
Yeah, and the Middle Ages people dancing to modern music.
Too bad about his death, I really enjoyed his work.
Yeah, me too. Oh, he was also in Ten Things I Hate About you, with Julia Stiles. Also funny.
Oh, that's a good romantic comedy.
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
I've been meaning to, but haven't gotten around to it.
I enjoyed it. It's gotten good reviews on Rotten Tomatoes. I liked the back story about how the WWI plate ties back to Wayne Enterprises.
I wasn't aware that the movie had Batman in it?
It doesn't, but the connection piqued my interest. It did the same to you.
I heard that Diana Prince rescued a pilot.
That was the younger Diana. Captain Steve Trevor crashes along an island coast and then the German military that's been chasing Trevor arrives.
What a lot of action in the opening scene. What was your favorite part?
For me it was when the story turns. Sir Patrick tells Diana that he's Ares and that he has been giving humans their inspirations to destroy themselves.
How does that tie in with the rest of the story?
Ares says that even though he has given humans their destructive desires, that it's really they who are responsible since they are the ones with free will and are performing the actual violent acts.
Ahhh.... So Diana's the hero who's going to save humanity from themselves?
Well, Kind of. Ares tells Diana that she, as the daughter of god killer Zeus, is actually the destroyer of humanity.
How does she take that?
Ares tries to convince Diana to help him destroy humanity. She declines. It turns into a battle between Diana and Ares.
That's kind of the way that I thought it would go. So Batman's not in the movie at all?
Well, let me explain first. Captain Trevor saves the world by sacrificing himself in an act where he takes a bomber filled with deadly gas to a high altitude and detonates it, killing himself in the process.
I don't see the connection to Batman.
After Trevor's death, Ares tries to convince Diana to destroy humanity again. She declines; and they flash forward to the present day, the end of the movie and Diana is typing an email...
Let me guess, the email is to Bruce Wayne, right?
I see there's yet another Transformers movie coming out.
Is there really?
Yep, think it's being released today in fact.
What's this one called?
The Last Knight.
Is it the final movie?
Probably not.  They will keep making these things until they start losing money.
Fat chance of that happening anytime soon.
This one apparently has Optimus Prime as the bad guy.
Is he really the bad guy or more of an anti-hero?
Hard to say for certain since I haven't seen it, but I would guess the latter.
I lost track of these movies.  Is the 4th or 5th?
I don't even know to be honest.  They all run together for me.
Is this one directed by Michael Bay?
I believe so.  I think he's done them all so far.
So if I see it, I should expect lots of explosions and corny dialogue?
And long tracking shots.  Don't forget about those.
Who could ever forget about those?
Maybe you want to go see it with me?
Why not?  Sounds like we need some escapism.
What are your thoughts on superhero movies?
I like them. They're always a fun time.
Personally, I'm getting a little sick of them.
Really? They're all different though - how can you be sick of them?
They don't really seem that different to me. They all start to blend together.
There have been a lot of superhero movies in the last decade.
For example, I have no recollection of Age of Ultron.
I didn't really care for that one. The fight scene was really boring.
Every movie it just seems like there's a bad guy, they fight him, they win.
It is a little formulaic.
Even some of the recent ones that try to do something unique are the same.
I really enjoyed Wonder Woman, though. Gal Gadot was great.
I appreciate that they're trying to do something different by having a female lead, but I was still bored by it.
Even though I like the movies, something REALLY different would be appreciated.
Yeah, like what about one where the bad guy wins?
Or what if the whole time, the bad guy was the good guy?
Exactly! There aren't a lot of shades of grey when it comes to superhero movies.
That's something they're desperately lacking.
And it can't just be a small analysis by the fans.
I agree, it needs to be at the forefront of the movie.
Excuse me my lady i worked very hard at work today so tonight I just want to go home relax and watch a good movie.
So you are checking out now to go home and relax what movie are you going to watch?
I have cable and plenty of DVD movies cable is always showing that favorite of mines the Titanic I also have it on and old VHS tape.
Are you going to watch the Titanic or check out what's on cable or look through all your DVD movies or for your VHS.
Yes i made up my mind I just want to watch the Titanic movie I have seen it so many times already it was that great.
Yeah it was are you going to stop and get a bite to eat or you still have popcorn left in your cabinets. That was also a sad movie.
Since I am on a diet I think i will just pop some popcorn and throw some real butter on it that is fatty enough.
Well okay enjoy the movie maybe I might get off in a few hours go home and do the same thing. I Love the Actor's Leonardo and Kate.
Me too they were my favorites too the movie was based on not only all those people who drowned and died but their love affair as well.
Awesome they had a groovy kind of love the kind everyone wants in their life time. And the boat when it hit that rock what did you first think they were going to be rescued?
Well kind of until the captain mentioned how long it would take for other boats to come and pick them up and there was not enough boats for all the passenger's,
I think I would have just did like some of the men were doing steady having drinks ans trying not to worry so much.
But that did not do any good either I was all in that movie watching them run all around the boat acting hysterical.
Jack saved Roses life again as he did when she went to go jump of the boat.That was not a good thing to do.
No it was not and he saved her life another time at the end He told her to get on that board and to be strong and hold on until someone came to her rescue.
Yes the sad part was he ended up dying along with all the rest of the people who either jumped off the boat or fell in that cold water and died also.
The ocean was filled with about fifteen hundred bodies in ice cold freezing below 0 water.
That is correct and none of them survived only Rose and a few others were lucky to be alive as the story was told when Rose lived to be an old lady.
Poor Jack lost his life but had faith that she would live to have children and be an old woman.
Wow all we have been doing is talking about the movie i have to go now I will see you tomorrow at punch in time. and i am still going to watch that movie again because i liked it so much.
Have you ever seen any Japanese action films?
Yes, I saw Seven Samurai recently.
That is an excellent film. Who directed it?
It was directed by Akira Kurosawa.
Of course, he is legendary.
Yes he is, the film also included a lot of legendary Japanese actors.
Oh really, like who?
It stars Toshiro Mifune and Takashi Shimura, among others.
Oh wow, those are legendary actors! I guess I never realized the film included so many legends of Japanese cinema.
Yeah, and the film always turns up on 'best films of all time' lists.
That's very interesting. Isn't it also one of Ebert's favorite films?
Yes, it is included in his list, 'Great Movies.'
That's not surprising. It had some of the greatest action sequences for its time period.
Absolutely, the scale was extraordinary.
It was also epic in terms of it's length.
That's true too. It's over three hours long!
Wow, I never realized it was THAT long.
That's because not a minute is wasted.
Yeah, the movie never drags on or has unnecessary scenes.
It is truly one of the best from the master Kurosawa.
My favorite movie is "Law Abiding Citizen" starring Jamie Foxx.
That was a good but I didn't like the ending.
Why because you thought the ending was predictable?
Yes. I wished the villian in that one had got away with killing all the people that he did.
Oop spoiler alert right? Most people want the villian in movies to get their due
Yeah, but in "Law Abiding Citizen" the court system screwed the man who eventually becomes the main villian.
I actually thought the premise was genius and the way killer killed his victims was outstanding.
Your sick. But to give us all that action, planning and murders then the movie turns around and gives us a predictable ending.
But if the villian in the movie didn't get their due who would the audience root for?
That's exactly my point. The main character wasn't a murderer or villian at the start of the movie.
He was still the antagonist and antagonists in movies should die, drown and at least go to jail
I agree but this movie was about the court system failing a "Law Abiding Citizens."
The fact that the court system fails you doesn't make or give you the right to go out and commit murder.
Dororthy of the Wizard Of Oz threw water on the green witch and she died because of it. Shouldn't Dorothy have been killed?
No. Two completely different movies. The witch in the Wizard Of Oz brought Dorothy to her castle against her will so the witch got what she deserved.
Monkey see monkey do you know literally, with the flying monkeys hunh?
Oh you got jokes but I was fascinated by castle guards, the apple throwing trees and Glenda the good witch's gown.
Why? Because the guards wore red, silver and black uniforms? Or that Glenda the good witch travelled by bubble?
No because I think they the guards, were the originators of line dancing?
You and your take on movies is whacked and out of this world. (laughing)
I was chatting with my uncle about underrated movies the other day, and his answers really surprised me.
What kind of movies was he talking about?
Well, for a while he was talking about Alphaville.
Never heard of it.
It's a French sci-fi film directed by Jean-Luc Godard.
What's it about?
It's also kind of noirish. There's this city called Alphaville, and a secret agent is trying to destroy it.
Destroy the whole city?
Well, a computer that controls everyone in the city. It's a dystopian noir sort of thing.
Got it. That actually sounds pretty cool.
I think it would have more of a reputation over here if it wasn't a foreign language film.
That does happen sometimes. Did he mention any others?
He mentioned a more recent Japanese film called "Confessions".
What's that one about?
Two students at an elementary school murder their teacher's daughter, and she takes revenge on them.
That sounds dark.
It is. It's also shot in a really haunting series of blue tones. It's a strange movie.
But it's worth watching?
They both are!
I'll add them to the list!
How many movies did Stanley Kubrick make?
Not many. Around ten or something.
What was his first?
His first with a pro cast was The Killing.
Is that good?
Yes and it is black and white.
I don't like black and white movies. They are boring.
No, they are amazing. Try watching The Wolf man from 1941.
I will try.
There are many good black and white pictures. Look at Psycho.
Is that a horror movie?
It's more of a thriller.
Who is in that?
Janet Leigh and Anthony Perkins.
I will have to watch it.
Have you ever seen A Streetcar Named Desire?
No
Elia Kazan did that one. It is very good.
Who is in it?
Marlon Brando and Vivien Leigh.
We watched a hilarious movie last night.
Which one?
Called Heat.
Who's in it?
Mellissa McCarthy and Sandra Bullock.
Two good actresses.
Yes and those two were great together.
Did you rent it?
No it was on HBO.
I'll have to check the listings. Is it new?
No, a few years old.
Anyone else good in it?
Yeah, but I don't know their names.
Was Bullock a cop?
Actually they both were.
Weird. Were they partners?
They ended up being partners.
Mellissa McCarthy is funny.
She is.
She's been in so many great movies.
Have you seen The Shack?
I have.  Though I actually watched it just because my friend wanted me to.
What did you think?
I thought it was intriguing.
Me too.  I'm not real religious, but it was unique.
Yeah.  I love how they made God different races and ages.
I felt like it was a good choice for them to cast that woman from Hidden Figures.
I think her name is Octavia Spencer?
Didn't she win an academy award?
She did.  I think she is amazing.
Well, she did a great job in the shack.
I was amazed by the wife in the movie.
What about her?
How she supported him despite losing the child.  She never blamed him
She definitely played a strong woman.  His journey definitely needed her
Are you religious?
Kind of.  Enough to be drawn into the movie.
Me too.
Do you think non-religious people will like it?
I think so.
Okay. My favorite movie of all time would have to be Inglorious Basterds.
I don't know about "all time" favorite, but it's certainly an amazing movie.
Well, I just think it's so good because because of the guy who played Hans Landa.
Oh, yeah. That was Christoph Waltz. Isn't he fantastic?
He absolutely made that movie for me.
Well, it was good on it's own.
Yeah, but he is positively evil! And his voice is so chilling.
I love the way he says the most rotten stuff with this horribly happy sounding tone.
See? That's what makes him so good.
You're right. Did you see him in Django Unchained?
Of course I did!
Well, what did you think?
Obviously, I loved him. Everything he does it perfect.
You really like this guy!
I don't know how he was undiscovered for so long, but Quentin Tarantino made him a star.
Hard to argue with that. He deserves it, too. He really is one of the greats.
Did you know he doesn't even speak fluent Italian, but he still spoke it in Inglorious Basterds?
He must have practiced so much. What a talented guy.
So, you see why I love him so much?
Okay, okay! I guess I understand.
Do you know Ana Lily Amirpour?
No, I've never heard of her. Who is she?
She is a director.
Oh? What did she do?
She directed The Bad Batch, in her latest film.
Was it any good?
I don't know, I didn't see it. I think it's online somewhere.
I might watch that later. Who does it star?
Suki Waterhouse, Jason Momoa, and Giovanni Ribisi are in the film.
What reviews did it receive from critics?
Mostly bad. It has a 43% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Is that a good score?
I would think not. It's below fifty percent.
I'm sorry to hear that critics didn't like it.
Yes, that's critics job I suppose.
I guess you're right.
Where do you read movie reviews at?
I read them at The Seattle Times website.
That sounds really cool actually.
It is.
My husband and I just had our anniversary and we went to a movie in the Theater for the first time in 10 years.
Oh really?  I love going to the theater.  It is so much more immersive than just watching a movie at home.
I had forgotten how awesome the theater experience was.
So what Movie did you decide to see?
He let me choose, so I chose the Shack.
I missed that one.  Was it good?
It was amazing! I read the book three times and could not wait to see the movie.
What was so good about it?
They followed the book so well and brought the book to life on the big screen.
What was your favorite scene?
I loved how they portrayed the struggle that Mac had in stepping out of the boat to walk on the water with Jesus.
It sounds like a deep deep movie.
Of course the book is much deeper but they did such a good job to get to the meat of the point of story in just the length of a movie.
Can you tell me anything else without telling me the end?  I really want to see this one myself.
I can't think of anything except for specific things which might ruin it for you.
Oh ok.  Is it a sad movie?
Well be prepared to shed some tears when you watch that one.
Oh great!  I do tend to love sad movies.
You should maybe try and read the book before seeing the movie.
Ok I will do that for sure.  I have been meaning to read it anyway!
What science fiction movies have you seen recently?
I don't think I've seen any. Which have you seen?
I just watched Clash of the Titans.
Clash of the Titans? What's that about?
It's about a place where Gods and people meet.
That sounds interesting.
It was a good movie. I watched it on DVD.
Who directed the movie?
Ray Harryhausen directed the movie. Roger Ebert called it his "masterwork."
Roger Ebert? Is he still alive?
No, I don't think he's alive anymore.
Who runs his website now?
I don't know honestly, but it's still running. He was a great name in film.
I know.
I remember reading about him in a paper before.
Was he syndicated outside Chicago?
He was based in Chicago? I didn't even know.
He at least reviewed movies on rogerebert.com. He might have been with the Chicago Tribune.
I know. So what was Clash of the Titans rated?
It was rated PG.
Did you ever see the movie the Sandlot?
Yea that was a true summer time classic!
It came out in  1993.
Yea my kids watched it all the time in the summer.
Mine too!
Those kids really had some amusing adventures.
Remember the dog in the backyard  behind the fence?
Yea I do.
Who was in that anyway?
Well, Tom Guiry played Scotty Smalls.
Yea he was the new kid that moved to the neighborhood.
Yea and the dog was named Beast.
One of the balls that went over the fence was signed by Babe Ruth.
Yup.
It has become a cult film.
I know that and Stand by me.
Another great movie of the 1990's.
Boy those were the days.
Yea sitting home in the summer , watching movies, too young to work.
Ahhhh, sweet summer!
How come we never go to the movies anymore?
You keep saying it's a hassle.
Well I want to go now.
Fine, what did you have in mind.
One word: Deadpool.
Done. I heard it's going to be amazing.
I heard the same, but what else can you expect from Ryan Reynolds?
He does have a great track record. I know it wasn't anyone's favorite, but I liked Green Lantern.
So did I, I never understood why so man people had a problem with that movie.
Fan-nerds, that was the problem. They nit picked it into oblivion.
Well I don't care what anyone will have to say about Deadpool.
You shouldn't, I heard he breaks the fourth wall basically the whole movie.
I did too, I was told it's not a hero movie for those that want a typical hero.
Deadpool has never been a typical hero, he's Wolverine with not reservations.
I'm glad they aren't using the X-men Origin's Deadpool for the movie.
Yeah he was just creepy.
As long as he has his kitanas I'll be fine.
That's the same thing you said about Ninja Assassins.
Yeah it is, so what? That movie was awesome too.
I never said it wasn't, but I expect Deadpool to be heavily armed with something a little bigger than some swords.
Hey, what do you think of all these super hero movies lately?
I love them man, I'm a huge fan of both marvel and DC.
Me too, what's been your favorite one so far?
I think I'd have to go with Suicide squad, I know a lot of people didn't like it, but I loved it.
I liked it, but I wouldn't say it's my favorite one lately.
Well, what's your favorite one?
Wonder woman! It was so good.
I haven't seen it yet, it seems more catered to women.
No man, it's so good.  Gal Gadot did an amazing job and I was hype the whole movie.
Really?  I might have to go see it.
You won't regret it.  What's been your least favorite one?
I'd have to say Batman vs Superman, it was boring and makes no sense to me.
Well, the wonder woman part in it was awesome, but besides that, I'm going to have to agree.
Yeah, the wonder woman part was cool, but how can a literal super hero not beat a rich guy easily.
Haha, I know what you mean.  It doesn't really make sense.
Not at all, Batman has no super powers! He's just rich and has cool things.
He does have his boxes where he keeps the superhero weaknesses though.
That's true, and back to wonder woman, she has no weakness, so she's probably the best.
RIght? She's awesome.
Yeah she is.
What's the last movie you saw in the theater?
I went to see Guardians of the Galaxy 2.
Who did you go see it with?
My wife and I went.
Did you see it in XD?
No, but we did go to the new theater in town that lets you recline.
Was the movie good?
I really liked it.
What was the best part?
I liked the Mary Poppins looking scene.
I had heard all about that scene before i even saw the movie myself.
It was apparently a big deal.
Who's your favorite character?
STARLORD of course!
I figured that.
I've liked the actor since watching him in Parks and Rec.
That's an awesome show.
Can you imagine being the fat guy in a TV show and gettin buff to be in a movie?
Can you imagine how much money he makes?
I bet it's totally worth it.
I love movies! How about you?
I like some genres. But, I don't like the Horror genre.
I see. What's your favorite genre?
I like foreign films.
Really? What is your favorite country for movies?
I like French movies.
Can you give me some examples?
Anything by Jean-Pierre Jeunet.
I understand. Amelie is amazing! What's your favorite of his movies?
I like City of Lost Children best.
Yes, that's good as well. What other country makes great films?
China has some really amazing ones.
You mean Kung Fu movies?
No, not at all. Although, some of those are great movies as well.
Well, then, what do you mean?
I like anything by Yimou Zhang.
Yes, Jou-do is incredible!
It is, but my favorite is House of Flying Daggers.
That one is amazing! But, I think Hero is even better.
I agree. Let's be sure to see Shadow together when it comes out in 2108!
What's up?
I just finished watching My Fellow Americans.
Is that the one with Jack Lemmon and James Gardner?
Sure is
I love that movie. It's so funny.
It is good.  I can't believe I hadn't really heard of it before.
It came out at the end of the year.   It was one of those blink and you miss it.
Even with that cast?
Messed up huh?  Did you know Walter Matthau was supposed to play James Gardner's part?
Really?  No offense but I think James Gardner was the better choice.
Oh, I definitely agree.  I really liked how they made each party look good and bad.
Yeah, that's rare in movies now.  I wonder if Jack Lemmon hadn't died, if they would have made a sequel.
That would have been cool and fun to see.  Both of them working together in the White House.
Oh yeah.  Oh and that guy who played Ralph Flemming who was also in the gay pride parade was so cute.
Yes he was.  It took me a couple minutes to fully realize who he was.
I think that was the point.. makes you think and wonder like the main characters do.
Are you going to buy the movie?
I might if I find it at a good price.
I got it for 5 dollars.
Kewl, where?
What was that movie that came out a few years ago with zombies?
There's been tons of those.  I need a bit more help.
Okay.  It had the teenagers in it and the zombie did the narrative.
Hmmmmm.  I think you're talking about Warm Bodies.
Yeah, that's what it was called.  That was a pleasant surprise..
I didn't expect much from it, but I would agree.
It was a good humorous take on the genre.  Good performances from the leads.
It had a quirky sense of humor to it.  The airport scenes were crafted well.
There were some things I didn't like though.
What in particular are you thinking of?
I thought it was kind of silly that the really dead zombies, the Bonies, were so fearsome.
That was a bit odd.
I don't see how skeletons can run or do anything when bones themselves aren't connected.
Do you mean how we have to have ligaments, muscles, etc?
Exactly.  I know it's a zombie movie, but makes no sense.
So are you saying it would have been more effective to have them more zombie-like?
Exactly.
I can respect that.  Even though it's a zombie movie, there should still be some rules physically.
Maybe they should consult me on some of these movies.
I don't know any producers, so you're on your own.
What do you think is Martin Scorsese's best movie?
Wow, that's a tough one.  Where do you start?
You almost have to break it down by the decade.
That would be one way of going about it.
Let's make it easy and just say movies he's done in the last 20 years.
I like that approach better.
For me, I'd probably go with The Departed.
That's a pretty solid choice.  I'd go with Wolf of Wall Street.
Yeah, but The Departed won best picture.
The best movie of the year sometimes doesn't though.
I get that, but it was a well put together crime drama with some touches of humor and great characters and dialogue.
And Wolf of Wall Street wasn't?
I'm not saying it was a horrible movie, just not as good as The Departed.
Wolf of Wall Street had an even better performance by Leo.
He was good in that movie, not taking that away from him.
The characters were also better and more memorable too.  Remember Matthew McConaughey's character?
Yeah, the coked out stock broker at the beginning.
That was a great, effective setup and an awesome performance in only five minutes.
But that one scene doesn't make a great movie.
You're missing the point here.  It's an example of why I like the movie more on a whole.
Have you seen any Keanu Reeves movies lately?
No, I don't believe I have. What movies was he in?
He was in Speed from 1994.
What other movies was he in?
He was in Little Buddha and Constantine too.
That's really interesting!
Thank you.
Can he sing?
What do you mean?
Can he sing? Is he a good vocal talent?
I'm not sure I remember him singing at all actually. He might have sang at some point in his career.
I know some actors can sing too.
I believe some can, like Stephen Colbert. He can sing well.
I have heard him sing from time to time.
Does he sing well?
Yes, Colbert sings well. He was in Missing Persons too.
Oh wow! What character was he? I've seen that movie.
He was Chet Davis.
I don't remember him. I'll have to look for him the next time I see that movie.
I'll look out for him too.
What is your favorite animated film?
I really liked Tangled.
Have not seen it.. what is it about?
It is a take on Rapunzel. Mandy Moore is in it.
I do like her. I will have to check it out.
She is going to be in that new scary shark movie.
47 Meters Down. i am looking forward to it.
I live in Florida and will not be seeing it, Ever.
I guess you don't want to be scared forever.
Ya, I have seen jaws of course but refuse to watch open water.
I heard that was really good though.
I take it you have not watched that either?
Correct, But I would, gladly.
I think it is too scary an idea for floridians to confront.
Fair enough. what scary movie would you watch?
Well I recently saw split.
Was that a horrror?
Not a typical one. But I thought it could fall into that category or thriller. Scary enough for me.
I liked that it is somewhat based on real life. Those are always the scariest.
Yes when they can actually occur is the scariest thought.
Do you like any of Stanley Kubrick's movies?
Like The Shining and A Clockwork Orange?
Yes! He's my favorite director and I think his cinematography was superb.
I agree. I didn't follow him like that but those movies are amazing.
My favorite by him though has to be 2001: A Space Odyssey
The special effects in that movie were amazing even by today's standards.
That's the main draw of that movie, that and the symbolic concepts.
Some say it was the philosophers' stone, that huge black monolith.
Right, it has to do with human transformation and transcendence.
Awesome themes. I love movies with substance.
Well have you ever watched AI: Artificial Intelligence? With Haley Joel Osment?
I've never seen it. Is it any good?
It definitely is. Steven Spielberg is another great director.
I loved ET. He directed that didn't he?
Yes! That was the first movie I remember seeing at the theater.
Wow that's wonderful. Do you like any other Spielberg movies.
Oh of course. Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Color Purple...he just really can't go wrong.
I love his use of lighting. That's his hallmark.
Right. The Spielbergian light. Some have tried to duplicate it but can't come close.
I agree. He's one of the greatest along with Scorcese, Tarantino, Nolan, and Boyle.
Wanna play a game?
Sure.
Best comedy of all time... Go!
Monty Python and the Holy Grail. Best comic book movie?
Captain America 3: Civil War. Best parody film?
Civil War was good but overrated in my opinion. Ant-Man was way better overall.
Blasphemy! Civil War is only second to the upcoming Infinity War.
Civil War is second to Deadpool.
I... actually no, I'll conceed to that. Deadpool was smegging hilarious.
Space Balls by the way. Favorite 80s film?
Farris Bueller's Day Off. I would have went with Blazing Saddles.
Ah, another great Mel Brooks film. Good choice.
What'd you think of Young Frankenstine?
It was okay. The black and white killed it for me.
Same. Don't know why my friend is so obsessed with it.
I know exactly who you're talking about, and if I watched any film repeatedly as much as her and Young Frankenstein it'd have to be Robin Hood: Men In Tights.
That was my first Mel Gibson movie! Speaking Blazing Saddles though, did you hear about his newest film?
No, what is it?
Blazing Samurai... it's animated but has a great cast with the likes of Samuel L. Jackson AND Michael Cera so still totally worth it. Think it comes out sometime in August maybe?
Can't wait!
Have you seen the movie, Gremlins?
No, why do you ask?
You haven't seen Gremlins?! You would probably love it.
Well, What is it about?
It's about these cute little pets called furbies.
Furbies? So why is the movie called Gremlins?
Well basically, if they drink water or get fed past a certain time, they turn evil.
Evil? Like a rabid animal?
No, evil as in they transform into a miniature demon looking thing.
Wow, sounds kinda scary.
It's actually not too scary its more just cool and unique.
I see, Maybe I'll check it out.
You would really like it, I'm sure.
You think it would be a good movie to watch with the kids?
Well, it depends how old they are.
My youngest is 7 and the other is 10.
I would say they could probably handle watching it with you.
Okay well I'll definitely watch it with them soon then.
I hope they like it!
I'm sure we all will, thanks for the recommendation!
I am in the mood to watch something!
Me to, how about a movie?
What kind of movie?
I am not sure, how about a horror film?
I do love scary movies!
Great, I have pretty much all of Stephin King'S movies.
Stephen King is the best!
I agree, his films are always creepy.
Do you have the movie It?
I sure do!
That one used to scare me as a child.
Yea, I have hated Clowns ever since.
Me and you both!
So, is that the one you want to watch?
I am thinking about it. What other ones of his do you have?
I also have the Shining and The Golden Years.
I have seen The Shining but not the other one you mentioned.
The Golden Years is really long, but very good.
I am excited, lets watch it!
I will get the popcorn!
There is a new movie coming out called "Alice in Wonderland" today, would you like go see it?
Is that the movie staring Johnny Depp? I like him.
All of Johnny Depp pictures are good and very interesting.
Summer 2017 has a lot of great movies coming out, have you seen any of them?
No, not yet but I  would like to see the movie" Fast and Furious 8".
The movie Fast and Furious is filled with lots of action and great stunts like 6 and 7, I bet.
Have you seen the movie," Ice Age"? it is a movie about three animals trying to make  it to safety because were they live the ice is melting.
yes I have seen that movie too, is it that animated movie that all the kids are talking about.
There is a new action movie with Steven Seagal  in it, this year,  his movies are good.
His last movie called" True Justice" I enjoyed and saw it twice.
Charles Bronson also makes great action movies from the 70 and 80's, do you know him?
Yes, he is make great action movies.
There are some great comedy classic movies, like" Black Sheep" with Chris Farley.
I saw that movie, very funny.
Beauty and the Beast is now playing in theaters, it is a Disney classic maybe we can go together to see it.
I heard the new movie of Beauty and the Beast is a live action retailing of an animated  classic, yes I will go see it with you.
I heard the movie is excellent.
The new movie of Beauty and the Beast is a film all the  kids are talking  about.this summer.
The studios are going to come out with another Cinderella movie soon too.
Disney classic children movies are fun to watch even adults enjoy seeing animated films.
I'm really glad we decided to watch Rushmore tonight.
I love Jason Schwartzman.
Honestly I think Bill Murray is better in Rushmore.
Seriously?
Yeah, I mean, his character is just so wacky.
And Jason Schwartzman isn't?
No, but, like, his character is supposed to be out there.
Right.
And Bill Murray is supposed to be normalish, but he's hiding behind trees and running over bikes with his car.
I get it.
It's funnier because of the gap there.
This whole movie is like that. It's nuts.
This might be a top five movie for me. It's definitely my favorite Wes Anderson flick.
More than Royal Tenenbaums?
Yeah. I think so.
Why?
It's just the writing. It feels like he's taking more risks.
That makes it feel more cartoony to me though.
I guess. I dunno. It's hard to go wrong with any of them.
Definitely.
What was the last movie you saw?
300!
I love that movie.  One of my favorites.
I know, Gerard Butler was a total monster in that movie.
Plus the battle scenes were the best you've ever seen.
Yes!  It was crazy the slow then fast fighting.
And all the Spartans were super ripped.  Like beast of nature.
They way they just smacked around the Pursians for so long.
Yeah, King Xerxies though was pretty cool.  He was so tall.
He manipulated that Hunchback pretty well too.
Yeah I know.  I don't know if I could have resisted either.
He knew what he was doing to have an empire that big.
How about the ending?
yeah, all the Spartans died.  Except that one guy with the eye of course.
And it was cool how at the end they talk about how many more Spartans there were.
You know what else was great?  When the queen killed that guy.
Yes, using his own words against him.
That guy was a total tool.  I hated him.
I know, it's always great when a bad guy gets a fitting death.
And when it's done by someone who owes him.
What's one of your most favorite movies?
Oh that's easy. Jurassic Park would definitely be up there.
Really? How come?
Well I used to be an avid reader. I had purchased the book not knowing much about it except that it sounded like it would be good.
I never read the book.
Well the movie blew me away because it was the first time a book made in to a movie lived up to my imagination.
I don't think i get what you mean. How can a movie compete with your imagination.
Your brain paints pictures in your mind of what a place or person would look like and my perception of what the compound looked like was right on point.
That's pretty interesting.
I mean the whole movie is mind blowing to watch on a big screen but to feel like someone was inside your head seeing what your imagination came up with was stupifying.
When the special effects kick in in certain places in the movie it does make you feel likes it's pretty real.
Yes the water sitting on the console that shakes as the T-rex approaches is scary.
Is the T-Rex the first dinosaur you see?
No I don't think so. It was a Brachiosaurus.
That's the one that looks like Dino the dinosaur on the Sinclar gas station sign isn't it?
I do think you are right about that.
Or was Dino a brontosaurus?
I don't know i am not a nerd like you.
You are so funny...
Oh just go watch all 4 or 5 of the sequels and you can get your dinosaur nerd on!
Did you see Captain America?
Yes, that was my favorite MCU movie.
It was pretty good.  Tommy Lee Jones was pretty good in that.
So was Chris Evans.  He's great as Cap.
I know.  Did you know in the beginning that was him playing that part?
No way?!  That is amazing.  I thought it was a different actor.
Yeah a lot of people did.  But they just altered his image.
That's amazing.
It was.  And the plot was one of the better ones too.
The World War 2 era fighting was cool.
That's what Cap was made for.
And lets not forget the Red Skull.
Hugo Weaving was awesome as the Red Skull.
I hope they bring him back somehow in a future movie.
I mean why not?  Cap survived.
And the Red Skull is just like him only evil.
And ugly.
Yes, very ugly.
Still, that movie was just solid all around.
I agree, MCU is doing it right.
Hey. Have you seen any good movies lately.
Not any that were amazing. The last one I saw was just ok.
What was it.
It was called The Space Between Us.
What was it about?
It was about a boy who grew up on Mars and came to try and live on Earth, even though they didn't think he could.
That sounds interesting. Why was it just ok.
It was a good story line but I would of just liked more from it.
I get it. Who was in it?
Asa Butterfield and Britt Robertson.
I've never heard of them.
They are fairly new. Have you seen any good movies?
The last movie I saw was the new Pirates of the Caribbean.
Did you like it?
I was honestly really disappointed with it.
Why?
It just did not have a good plot and was very slow through the majority of it.
Oh, that stinks. I really liked those movies.
Me too and I love Johnny Depp, but I was just disappointed.
Maybe I will have to wait to see it when it comes out on video then.
Have you ever seen the movie Death Wish 3?
No, tell me about it
Charles Bronson plays a man named Paul Kersey, a architect turned vigilante.
How'd that happen?
His wife was murdered and his daughter raped, then in the second film his daughter is raped again then murdered.
I take he didn't tell either situation well.
Nope, he was a Korean war vet and he hunted down and killed all the ones responsible in both previous films.
So what's going on in this one?
Paul is visiting a old war buddy in New york, but a brutal street gang has taken over the neighborhold. They kill this old buddy of his and Pauls gets arrested for it.
Okay, so what happens next?
Ed Lauter, who is a police inspector, recognizes who Kersey is. He makes a deal with him, take out as much of the gang as he can and see the police get credited with the decrease in crime.
Sounds, interesting, so what does Kersey do?
First, he designs and builds a couple of anti-gang body traps for the old war buddy's apartment building, which he moves into.
Booby traps, what kind of booby traps.
One is a piece of drywall with nails in it and another is a board rigged on a spring that shoots up into the face of anybody trying to enter a specific window
What happens after that?
He then buys a car and leaves on the street. When two gang members try to steal it and threaten him with a knife, he shoots both of them.
Kind of a bait car situation, but wihtout the jail trip.
Yep, and eventually he winds up in a massive fire fight with the gang, using a .30 Browning machinegun and masive handcannon.
I love shoot'em ups, I'm in.
What's your favorite movie of all time?
Probably the Godfather
That's a pretty good one
Yeah, has all the elements you need in a good movie. Story line
Characters, acting.
Twists and turns
Killing and double-crossing
Mafia undertones
Well, sometimes we shouldn't talk about the mafia
Ha, unless you're part of the family
I liked Al Pacino's role a lot in the first one
Yeah, he was so young in that movie
Yes, he seemed to transform as the series went along
Wasn't he a young Marine in the first one?
Yes, at one point, but then inherits the family business
Oh right, because the older son dies
Yes, shot up at the toll stop
Yeah, that's right
And then the other son was kind of a wimp
Fredo Corleone. Yes, he did some bad things
Have you seen any new movies you would recommend?
I just watched a good comedy.
What was it called?
Rough Night.
Never heard of it, what is it about.
I will not spoil it for you, but it has to do with a guy dying during a girls night out.
Any other new movies I should check out.
The Pirates of The Caribean was really good.
They made a new one again?
Yes, it has lots of action.
Does it have Will Turner?
Again, will not spoil it, but it does have his son.
And Johnny Depp too?
Yes. I think this is the last one he will do.
I hope so. There are so many.
Almost as many as Fast and the Furious.
That franchise has so many, too many.
I think Star Wars will be the same, just keep making them.
I think there are two set to be out this year alone.
I hate when they keep making the same movie over and over again.
Did you like the movie E.T.?
No, I hated that movie.
How could you hate E.T.? He's such a lovable character!
He's scary looking. He's brown and lumpy.
He's lost though and just wants to go back home. I can't help but love him.
I'm not the biggest fan of aliens in general. The movie Signs scared me.
I thought that movie was silly. They aliens looked so fake.
At the time, I thought the aliens looked real in that movie. I was younger when it came out though.
Wasn't Signs directed by the same guy who directed The Sixth Sense?
I think so. The Sixth Sense was so good.
I don't know if I ever actually saw that whole movie.
You should watch it. The twist is the best part.
I already know what the twist is in The Sixth Sense, should I still watch it?
I think you should.
Is it still good, even in 2017?
I think so. I haven't seen another movie like it in a while.
Bruce Willis is in it, right?
Yeah, and he's great. I think it's one of his best movies!
I'll have to watch it then.
You should watch it! Let me know what you think afterwards.
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman movie?
Yes, my favorite scene was when Diana charged through No Man's Land.
Did you like the new Guardian's the Galaxy Movie?
I haven't scene it yet, but I heard Kurt Russell was good in it.
I can't wait to see Spiderman: Homecoming next month.
Me too! Robert Downey Jr. is going to be in it!
I heard some crazy things about The Book of Henry.
It's not as weird as the critics say, Jacob Tremblay was awesome.
Speaking of Jacob Tremblay, he's going to be in the movie Wonder.
Is that the movie where Julia Roberts is the mom?
I'm really excited about the Han Solo movie.
I was, but I read two directors got fired or something. I wonder what that's about.
I'm so glad Joss Whedon is finishing the Justice League movie.
Yeah, but you know that means some character is going to die now.
I finally saw the live action Beauty and the Beast.
The movie was beautiful. Wasn't Emma Watson terrific?
My boss said the movie Logan was too violent.
Yeah, but it's Wolverine, he's supposed to be violent. And anyway, the movie was really good (but sad).
The movie Get Out was good, but not as good as I expected.
What are you talking about? I thought it was super scary. Thank goodness Chris got away.
hey Fred guess what?
what's it?
come make a wild guess lol
you know am not not good at guessing, what's it?lol
i just got selected as an extra in a new movie from paramount pictures starring bradley cooper as the lead actor.
wow when did this happen?
just got the email couple of minutes lol
damn that's nice you hedging your way to your quest to be an actor,you can start networking especially with cooper if possible.
of course i am so looking forward to meet him.
please let me not be too over myself isn't cooper same guy that acted "american hustle" ?
yes he was on american hustle but wasnt really the lead actor, hangover was his biggest movie so far.
oyeah i knew him from hangover as well, he did brilliantly.
oh sure cooper is a good actor and now that he has relocated to the USA  you bet he would be getting more lead role like this one i am featuring as an extra.
what's the name of the movie?
which?
the one you got invited to take part as an extra.
oh its called "Goons of a mafia"
hmm nice movie tittle, wonder what the storyline is about.
i haven't got any idea about the story line as of yet, shooting starts nextweek so be sure i would be updating on the spot hahahah
oyeah can't wait to see you on the big screen when it is released.
I just watched all The Hobbit movies. I can't believe the same people were responsible for The Lord of the Rings!
It's kind of understandable, the movies did have a troubled production.
That doesn't make them more fun to watch!
I'm not saying it does, just that Peter Jackson sort of got a raw deal on them.
What're you talking about? If he didn't want to do the movies, he shouldn't have.
Originally Guillermo del Toro was supposed to direct, but it didn't work out so Warner Bros. called in Jackson.
He should've turned them down then.
Maybe so, but would you in his situation? Everyone was ready to go; there were jobs on the line.
I suppose it's nice that he took up the cause then, but the movies didn't turn out well anyway.
Still, that's more Warner Bros. fault again. Originally it was only supposed to be two movies, if you can believe that.
Two seems like a lot to begin with. Why did they split it into three?
Simple, really. The head honchos wanted more money.
You can kind of tell. For all the buildup Smaug gets, he only briefly appears in the second film, and is killed off like 20 minutes into the last one.
The movies are kind of weirdly paced. I think it's because they had to pull a lot of other material from The Silmarillion to pad it out.
And you don't think Jackson deserves some of the blame for that?
I don't know. If you watch The Making Of features, you can tell he was a guy who was laying down the tracks as the train right behind.
You're saying the production was so troubled he was mapping everything out only days or weeks ahead of filming?
Well, maybe not exactly like that, but something along those lines. It's really amazing the films came out as good as they did, honestly.
Maybe I was a little too hard on him, but still, some of the CGI in that looks really bad.
Yeah, like I said, the production was very troubled. Almost all of your complaints can be explained by that.
Are you  a Seth Rogen fan?
Some of his work, so yes.
Which do you like best?
Pineapple express. It is such a funny movie and he is great in that role.
I like it but prefer This is the end.
That one may take the cake actually.
Right? It is so funny.
He did get his start in comedy/standup so it only makes sense for him to be funny.
True, did you know he is Canadian?
Yes, hails from Vancouver right?
I think so makes sense for all the pot humor.
Ha, well legal now in california too.
I wonder if he will get into more serious roles.
I hope not. I love him for his humor and great comedic timing.
Sometimes I enjoy seeing actors change it up though.
Maybe, but if you have a niche or working formula why change it?
True, but isn't that how type casting is in general.
Well there is a reason it exists, people have types.
I disagree a little. I think everyone is so multifaceted. If given the chance.
Maybe but I will always love him as comedy guy.
I hate movies where they force people to interact with a clearly CGI character who isn't there.
What's wrong with that?
I guess nothing when it's done right, but I'm thinking more like those Smurfs movies or the Chipmunks.
Oh, you mean those 'cartoons in real life' type genre. The only one that ever did it well was Space Jam.
Which is funny because Space Jam used actual, 2D cartoons and had them interact with people!
They tried it again in Looney Toons: Back in Action. It's a funnier movie, but I don't think it's as visually impressive.
Actually, come to think of it, the only time humans interacting with CGI characters was back in the early days.
Oh, yeah, like when?
Like Star Wars Episode I and Steward Little. As much as people hated Jar-Jar at the time he looked amazing, like he was really there!
I guess maybe we're so used to seeing CGI characters now, that we just know it isn't really and somehow it looks more fake even though the CGI is better.
To be fair though, even back then there was some bad CGI characters. Like Scooby Doo in the Scooby Doo movie.
Oh, actually, speaking of that, did you know originally that movie was going to be rated R?
What, no way! Impossible!
Seriously, James Gunn who directed the Guardians of the Galaxy films wrote part of the script way back when, and he confirmed it.
I can't picture it. An R rated Scooby Doo movie?
I guess it was supposed to be more of a parody of Scooby Doo than a plain Scooby Doo movie.
Well, what happened to it?
I guess the executives realized it was a dumb idea, so they cut it down to PG-13. Supposedly there's a fully filmed R-rated cut of the film out there somewhere.
Shoot, I don't care how bad the CGI is in it! I just want to see it!
I think everyone would. Too bad no one probably ever will.
Are you a fan of the lord of the rings?
I thought it was ok, not my favorite series
Why not?
I just thought the movies were too long
Yea, 3 hours is a long time
Peter Jackson is a good director though!
Yea, I liked how they filmed it in New Zealand
That was a good aspect of the movie.
He also made the remake to king kong
I really loved that movie
A big gorilla destroying stuff is also fun to watch
Planet of the apes is something you gotta see then!
I have not seen it!!
Its about apes who are are just as smart as humans and they talk
Really? Wow
Yea, and humans and the apes go to war!
It sounds amazing, who is in it?
There are a lot of movies, but Matt Reeves directed the new one
I love science fiction movies like that
Its a nice blend of action and philosophy
What do you think is the most under rated movies?
I think there is more than one.
Well, what do you think are some of the most under rated?
I would have to start with "Inside Man".
What is that about?
It stars Denzel Washington, it is sort of a suspense.
Why is it suspenseful?
There is a bank heist involved.
What other ones?
Well, it is a but more well known, but there is one called Lucky Number Slevin.
Is that the one with a young Brad Pitt?
Yep, ever saw it.
I did, a long time ago.
It is funny, but also a thriller.
I remember that show having really funny one liners.
"The third time some one calls you a horse, perhaps it is time to go buy a saddle", is my favorite.
Right, after he says you punch them the first two times.
Yep, I love the ending too.
I actually have one too, with called The Secret Life of Walter Mitty.
That show was funny and moving.
What's your favorite type of movie?
I like comedies, Judd apatow movies are the best.
Yeah, knocked up is a classic.
Yeah I like Seth Rogan, so basically anything he is in I'll watch.
I like Katherine heigal in that movie also.
Have you seen her in the ugly truth?
No, what's that about?
It's so funny, it has Gerard butler and he is this crass guy that is really rude to everyone but basically a relationship genius.
I love Gerard butler.  I like how he can be serious and then hilarious in the next movie
I'm sure you've seen law abiding citizen then right?  That's one of my favorite movies.
Oh yeah, it's so good.  The stuff he's capable of doing in that movie is crazy, who thinks that up?
I know right?  When he paralyzed the guy with the toxin in the gun.... wow.
Yeah, they deserved it though.  He's a real good hero type. Like in Olympus has fallen and gladiator.
Yeah those are cool movies also.
Did you know there is a sequel to Olympus has fallen called London has fallen?
No I didn't, is it pretty similar?
Kind of, similar story but it doesn't feel like a repeat.
Have you ever noticed that pair of movies come out a lot that are really similar.  That can't be a coincidence right?
Like what?
Like Olympus has fallen and white house down. Or the illusionist and the prestige.
Have you seen Hidden Figures?
No, I saw it was on Netflix, should I watch it?
Yes! everyone is so good. The performances are top notch
Is it as good as the book?
Yes, a rare time the movie is as good as the book
Kevin Costner is in it right?
Yes, but Octavia Spencer steals the show.
Taraji Henson is in it too right?
Yes! and she is the complete opposite of her character on Empire
I should see it right away
You know who else is in it? Kristen Dunst
No way! I loved her in Bring It On
Yep, it's weird to see her all grown up
Who else is in it?
That guy from the Big ang Theory
Sheldon?
Yes, but is kind of a villain in the movie
That sounds like an amazing cast
It really is. Also the set design and costumes are cool
Thanks! I really need to watch it now!
Do you like classic movies?
Yes I do, I appreciate them. My favorite is A Streetcar named Desire.
With Marlon Brando right?
That's right. That was before he did The Godfather.
Oh he was excellent in both. And so handsome in Streetcar.
Yes he was Stellllllaaaaa! That was his famous line from that movie.
That's been repeated so many times in movie history since then.
I like Whatever happened to Baby Jane.
With Bette Davis and Joan Crawford right? That movie was incredible.
It was. Bette Davis was totally insane, literally.
Oh yeah that makes me think of Mommy Dearest.
That was based on Joan Crawford's life right.
Yes. You wouldn't have ever thought she was so mean and cruel.
Apparently she was good at hiding it. No wire hangerssss!
If you know no other line, you  know that one! That's the famous quote of that movie.
Faye Dunaway did an outstanding job as Crawford.
I wonder if she won an award for that.
I hope she did. She definitely deserved it.
Another old favorite of mine is Psycho. That's an all time classic.
Oh and the twist in that movie I think is what started the whole plot twist craze.
The Sound of Music was on the other night.  I love that movie.
I saw it.  It's on every year around Easter, and I usually watch it again.
Julie Andrews is the perfect Maria, and Christopher Plummer makes a great Captain von Trapp.
Yes, I think the casting was perfect.  Even the children were cast well.
I'm a big fan of Charmian Carr as Liesl, the oldest daughter.
My favorite child character is probably Kim Karath as Gretl.
Oh, yes, she was adorable.  I read that Julie Andrews had to jump in and save her in the scene where the boat tipped over and the children fell in because she couldn't swim.
I didn't know that.  I really like all of the scenes with the children in them.
Yes, the scenes with the children were always good.  I love it when Maria teaches them to sing.
Yes, I like that too.  What is your favorite scene?
My favorite is probably when Maria is walking down the aisle to get married.  The church is beautiful and the perspective from above is stunning.
Yes, her wedding gown is gorgeous.
I also like the scene in the gazebo where Liesl is dancing with Rofle.
That is one of the best scenes in the movie.  "I am Sixteen Going on Seventeen," is an awesome song.
I really love all the songs in the movie, but that one is one of my favorites.
I really like the scene where Captain von Trapp and Maria dance a folk dance in the courtyard.
Yes, I think that is the first moment when they are aware that they have feelings for each other.
And the children seem to be in favor of the match.
The ending scene when they are climbing the mountain into Switzerland is pretty moving.
Yes, I think the real life von Trapp family had to escape Austria in a similar fashion.
Of all the Star Trek movies, I think I enjoyed "Wrath of Khan" the most.
I think most Star Trek fans would agree with you. Except maybe for "Undiscovered Country".
Yeah, that was a good one, too. I have to admit, any Star Trek movie that has Kirk/Spock moments really make me happy.
Oh? You're a Kirk an Spock fan?
Well, of course. I think I liked Spock best for a long time, but gradually I began to like Kirk's character even more.
Why is that? I mean, why switch from one character to another?
I don't know. I think, actually, I was enjoying the rapport between Spock and Kirk, really - I mean, Nimoy and Shatner.
Yeah, they seemed really well suited for each other. At least, when they were working together.
"Wrath of Khan" really showed viewers that relationship, and played it against a really great villain.
You mean Khan, right? That was Ricardo Montalban, and he played khan in the Original Series episode, "Space Seed".
Yes, he did. Sometimes I think he "got" the character better in the film.
Yeah- he grew as a bad guy, getting even stronger than before.
I can't get that vision of his big chest out of my mind! Shatner said he took the role very seriously, and really worked out for the part.
Huh, kind of makes you wish Shatner had worked as hard. He was getting a little pudgy again.
Form what I heard, he lost a lot of  weight for "Star Trek: The Motion Picture". Maybe it was getting too hard for him to lose that weight.
Old age gets the best of us. I don't even know how old he was when they shot that. Maybe his early 60's?
I guess so. Nimoy was noticeably older, but he never had to lose weight. I loved that about him.
Wasn't he really tall, too?
I don't know. They always said that Shatner had to wear lifts, but I saw him in person myself, and the guy is only two inches shy of six feet.
So Nimoy had to be at least six foot and a few inches. That's one tall Vulcan.
What is your favorite best picture winner?
I think that should be obvious:  Rocky.
What is your least favorite best picture winner?
It's a toss up between Chicago and Lord of the Rings, Return of the King.
Why?
Well, Chicago wasn't very good, didn't even think it should've been nominated, much less win.
What about Return of the King?
I didn't really care for the Lord of the Rings movies, they were too long, and bored me.
But you can appreciate the work, and detail that was put into the movie, right?
Yeah, I can.  Honestly, I just really wanted Lost in Translation to win.  I thought it was much more engaging.
Ah yes, ol Scar Jo, right when she started to break out.
Yeah, I've loved her since Ghost World.  That's an underrated movie.
I remember when I was a kid, and watched Heavy Metal, and there were trailers before the movie.
What were the trailers?
Last Supper, City of Lost Children, and Crumb.
That's certainly an eclectic mix.
Yeah, I guess they considered anyone who bought Heavy Metal on VHS an eclectic bunch.  Anyway, I remember I made it a point to seek out and watch all three of those movies.
Were they any good?
Yeah, at the very least, interested.  Crumb is a documentary, and it's really out there.
I remember Last Supper-- it's got quite the star studded cast.
Are you going to see the New Tupac movie?
I dont know I heard it really was a truthful story being told.
Where did you hear that from
A couple people plus online I saw that jada pinket said how they portrayed her and tupacs relationship was not factual.
Yeah I saw that on instagram and it kindsa made me mad.
Huh? Why did it make you mad?
Because I feel like people are not gonna go see the moview because of what she said and it isnt right.
Ok but she is talking about the part that was about her life if she saying it wasnt like that then it probably wasnt.
Ok but why but that on social media tho. Unless she trying to deter someone from going to see it
Because im sure she got asked how did she like it since everyone knows that her and pac was good friends
Look all im sayimg is everybody complains about there not being enough movies about our culture right?
Yeah they do cause there is not enough
Ok then her is a movies about one og the greatest rappers of our time and people talking down on it. I want to see it because its about him to honor his memeory
ok ok I get what your saying but if a movie is sayimg that is about someone life saying that its about there life story then it should be 100 percent facts right?
Yes I agree but you know as well as i do the have to put certain things in it to make people want to see it.
Yeah i never though of it like that I guess your right
So do you wanna see it with me cause im dying to go
Yeah ill go i wonder if they are gonna talk about who killed him
I would think no because they never caught the person who killed him
yeah but they could talk about theories tho.
Hi, have you seen the movie Training Day.
No , I haven't .
Wait until you see this movie your going to be amazed how great this is.
Whats the movie about?
Its about a cop that does bad things.
Wow that sounds interesting.
Yeah. he is so bad that the gangs turn on him .
What that is funny.
Yeah,Denzel was great.
How long is the movie?
Its about 90 minutes.
Sort of long .
But its well worth it .
Ok I am going to give it a try a watch it
Yes please do .
What is it rated?
Its rated R.
Okay that is great.
I hope you like it .
Thanks now i have another great action movie to watch
What is you favorite animated movie?
I think my favorite is Lady in the Tramp.
I liked that one too. But isn't it old?
Yes it is a classic but the classics are the best!!
Why do you like the classics?
Because they reinforced things like morals and values.
And you don't think they do that now?
No not really. Now it is all about making that almighty dollar no matter what the message is.
What do you mean?
Do take me wrong, I love the movies but I hate their messages. But take Beauty and the Beast by Disney.
Ok that is a good movie about hard work and believing in oneself will allow one to change.
Maybe, but it also shows that a man can be abusive and it's ok, or the towns people can be bullies with no repercussions.
I never looked at it that way.
It also shows that a woman should not be seen as smart or aggresive for what she believed in.
How so?
Well Belle's love of knowledge became a push point for the bullies and Gaston to prey upon.
Ok I can see that. But why have I never noticed it before?
Because society has allowed those things to become an everyday occurrence which has made them acceptable.
Wow I will never watch that movie and see it the same way again.
I know... this is why I love the classics.
Are you a big fan of comic book movies?
Yea I am now.
What do you by "now"?
Well for the longest time the movie studios were in charge of plots for comic book movies.
Do you have an example?
Yes, look at the original batman movies.
The ones with Michael Keaton?
Yes, and Val Kilmer, and George Clooney.
What about them?
You didn't think they were ridiculously focused on entertaining children?
Not sure what you mean.
The Penguin had an arctic cave with skating penguins.
Yea that's pretty funny and not something a real-life villain would have.
Exactly, now that the comic book companies are developing the movies themselves things are much better.
So you like the Dark Knight Trilogy?
I feel like it was one of the biggest reasons, if not the biggest reason, comic book movies are so big.
Yea it was definitely a game changer.
It was so dark and brooding, and it had such a gritty vibe to it.
They did the villains very well, Bane was very well portrayed.
Yes, Tom Hardy did a great job in that movie.
Have you seen the movie John Q?
Not sure when did it come out?
I believe it came out in 2002.
Okay, how was it?
Very interesting movie that will have you in tears?
Why in tears?
Well its about a boy that needs a transplant but family can't afford it.
Very sad to hear, I have to watch it.
Yes you do.
This movie sounds like a good one.
Yes put it on the list.
What is it rated?
I think its PG.
Nice to hear. Now my boys can watch as well.
Yes they can, since your a Denzel fan this would be great.
Yes he is a great actor
Maybe some shooting but overall good movie.
I think this will be entertaining to watch.
I hope you like it enjoy.
Thanks for the update .
Have you seen Django Unchained?
Wasn't Leonardo DiCaprio in that? Wasn't he some plantation land-owner in the South?
Yeah. Well, Hateful Eight is supposed to be the sequel to Django Unchained.
Really? The preview seemed different from Django Unchained.
That's what I mean. I watched a commentary that Tarantino did, and he said that somehow the original script for Hateful Eight was leaked and he changed his mind on the entire script.
So its not a sequel to Django Unchained?
No its not.
So why did you say it was a sequel if its not a sequel?
Because it was supposed to be a sequel.
But its not a sequel?
Why do you keep asking me that? I just told you its not a sequel.
Because you said it was a sequel to Django Unchained!
Ugh.... No I didn't! I said it was supposed to be a sequel!
I don't think Samuel Jackson is that good of an actor anyway. I think Morgan Freeman is a much better actor.
Morgan Freeman is so over-rated. He acts the same way in all of his movies!
Did you know that Stephen King wrote Shawshank Redemption?
Shawshank Redemption? Where did that come from? And we're not talking about Stephen King movies, and I thought Stephen King only did sci-fi or horror movies.
I would think if I was in Andy Dufresne's shoes that would be horror.
Oh, yeah? Well, what Stephen King novel is it based off of, then?
Actually, its based off of his short story called Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption. Google it if you don't believe me.
Did you see the trailer for Dunkirk?
I am not sure, what is it about?
It is Christopher Nolan's new movie.
Oh, the one during wartime that has been on TV ads recently?
Yea, what do you think?  Would you want to see it?
It looks really intense, it has been a while since I have seen a good war movie.
Yea, it looks really epic and tense, Nolan usually doesn't disappoint.
I agree, I would definitely want to see it.
We can go next week if you would like.
Sure, that sounds great.
When is the last time you went to the movies?
It has been a very long time, I can't even remember.
I forgot, did you come with us to see Logan?
No, I missed that one.  I was out of town.
Oh yea, that is right.
I think the last thing I saw was Get Out in theaters.
That was an amazing movie.
Yea, I have been planning to re watch it now that it is out on demand.
Wow, I did not know it was available already.
Yea, came out recently.
What movies did you see this weekend?
I went to see Cars 3!
Oh really? Is that the one by Pixar?
Yes! I love Pixar and all their animated movies.
I actually heard it was good.  What is it about?
It's about a legend trying to stay at the top of his game amongst the new comers.
That sounds like a great story about determination.
I highly recommend it!
What about Despicable Me 3?
Oh yes! I am so excited to see that!
When does it come out again?
June 30th I believe.  Let's go together!
I am in! I love Gru and the minions!
I agree, him and his wife Lucy is great too!
I don't think I'll ever get tired of those minions.
They are way too cute!
I have the other two movies in the series and I cannot get enough!
I have the minion stuffed animal!
We are so dorky.  I can't wait to meet his brother in this movie.
It will be exciting!
Have you seen Inside Out
What is that
It is either Disney or Dreamworks
Its a cartoon
yes it is
I am not sure what is it about
It is about peoples brains and how they experiance different things
well that does not sound good
it really is, it is basically about a girl growing up and she becaomes rebelious
oh that sounds a little better
it is how people recall events and how things are stored in their minds
sounds deep
it kind of is but still understandable for kids
it is a wonderful show
is it funny
it is sad, funny, and serious
I may want to look into it
you need to you would like it
is it on Netflix
I do not think it is
Rambo or Rocky?
For characters or action?
Both!
Rocky for characters, Rambo for action.
Why not the opposite?
Rambo is a horrible human.
That's not nice to say of someone with PTSD.
That's not what I'm saying. He intentionally returned and chose to be a private army-destroying assassin after "making peace" with his PTSD.
Yeah but he was killing the crap out of the evil Russians.
That was a bit rude, but again, it doesn't matter. he has a couple redeeming qualities, but he goes where he isn't wanted and wages war.
So why is Rocky so good?
He does get brain damage from his own stupidity, but it's his role as a husband and a mentor.
Rambo could have been the same.
But it's not addressed, so you can't assume that.
I agree with you, I was just playing Devil's Advocate.
I also like the action of Rocky more.
Really? Why?
It's more believable.
How so?
Well, Rocky had to take on one person at a time. Rambo, especially in Rambo II, survives because the other army can't aim. It's sad.
What movies are you looking forward to this year?
I'm really excited about that new Spider-Man movie.
I thought you hated the Spider-Man movies.
Yes, I did because of all the constant reboots.
Yea that was getting pretty annoying.
Seriously, I don't need a new actor playing Spiderman every year.
I can see how that would upset you, so what's different now?
It seems like they are actually trying to tie Spiderman into the Marvel Universe now.
What does that mean?
Well, before the movie-studio owned the rights to Spiderman.
Why does that matter.
Because you had all the Marvel characters like Wolverine, Iron Man, Thor and whatnot in a completely different box than Spiderman, even though they weren't supposed to be.
So what's changed?
Now Marvel has the rights to Spiderman back so he can be put in all the Marvel Movies.
Oh, you mean like how he was in Captain America Civil War?
Exactly, now he's part of the entire cast.
So that makes you more likely to see it?
Absolutely, knowing that's my spiderman from here on out makes it much more enjoyable.
I guess that makes sense.
All I want is a little continuity, that isn't such a huge request.
Did you see that movie Man Up?
No, what kind of movie was it?
It was a romantic comedy.
Oh, I love those.  I must have missed that one!
Well, I would definitely suggest you see it?
Why do you say that?  Was it that good?
Oh yea.  It's easily one of the best romantic comedies of the last few years!
What made it sound good?
Everything!  The acting, the plot, the soundtrack were all stellar!
It does sound good!  Can you tell me more about the plot.
Sure, it's a blind date gone wrong.
Can you elaborate?
Well, I don't want to give too much away.  I will say that the wrong people ending up going out on this date.
Sounds like an interesting premise for sure.
It is!  As I said, the soundtrack is great too.
Are there any songs in it that I might have heard?
Yes, a song called "What Time Do You Call This".
I've never heard it.  Who is it by?
It's by the band Elbow.
Oh, I've heard of them!  I'm certainly going to rent this!
Mom, I just saw The Beguiled. It's set in the South during the Civil War. It's Gothic and funny, and all about sex, really.
You mean with Clint Eastwood? Did you see it on TCM?
No, mom, in the theater last Friday night. You're thinking of the old version. This one is Sofia Coppola's version.
The Eastwood one was sexy, but morbid. This soldier hides at a girl's school, and the women all fight over him. Kind of depraved.
Yes. This one's depraved too. But it doesn't take itself so seriously. It's like it knows it's a B movie.
So it's not Eastwood, obviously. Who plays the man?
Colin Farrell. He's not as creepy as Estwood was, I bet. And he's sexy, too. And there are good women's parts.
So it's not so much about how they all want him, and they turn bitter and strange about it?
It is, and they turn strange, but in a more modern and self-aware way. They have agency; they're not passive.
I don't remember them as real passive in the old one. There was a surgery scene that was rather hard to watch.
Yeah, they've still got that.  Plenty of sex too, and an unhappy ending.
Oh, the old one was plenty sexy. Maybe not so graphic, though.
This one has sex. But it has love too, although that part doesn't really work out.
I remember the women, they were so innocent. Yet they fought so viciously over him, I think.
These women are collegial. They support one another. And yet--
Yet they still compete, don't they?
Well, he's the only man. And he's a scarce commodity. And it's Colin Farrell.
Do you think women still compete for men? Do you think it's a mistake?
.Yes. Life's about cooperating, mom, like you always said.
I know. But this was just a movie.
Have you seen Attack on Titan?
I've seen the show and the movie, but I don't follow the Manga.
How'd you see the movie? It wasn't released.
It was, but in very select theaters.
I saw it but had to do an illegal stream to see it.
So, did you have a question?
How did you like it?
I hated it passionately, despite the plot being awesome.
I like that the other human civilizations are the ones making and sending the Titans.
Me too, but the technology to do that makes no sense.
How so?
Well, they have their flying devices and super-advanced DNA manipulation, yet they don't have lights.
Ha, never thought of that.
Did you like the live-action Titans and how they looked?
The colossal titan was great when he emerged because he was "steaming" like he was just made.
That was definitely a cool visual.
I thought Eren's Titan form was a bit... ugly.
Yeah, but looks don't matter when you're 100 feet tall.
The visuals overall were really well-done, but something lacked.
It's the acting. I don't want to sound improper, but Japanese shows and movies are full of over-acting.
What movie do you think is the best of all time?
2001: A Space Odyssey.
Is that your favorite too?
No, my favorite is Barry Lyndon.
Who is in that one?
Ryan O'neal. Stanley Kubrick directed it.
Didn't he also do 2001?
Yes
What is Barry Lyndon about?
A social climber who wants to gain a title.
Sounds good. What is so special about it to you?
The fact that Kubrick had a special lens made just for the film and it had such a wide aperture that the candlelit scenes had no other lighting than the candles.
That sounds very advanced.
Yes, the film is beautiful.
What else did Kubrick make?
He made The Shining and Dr. Strangelove and Eyes Wide Shut and a few more.
Is he your favorite director?
By far he is my favorite.
I will have to check out his films.
You definitely should. Watch 2001 first.
hey what are you doing tonight?
I think I'm going to stay in and watch a movie?
Oh cool. Which movie are you going to watch?
I think I'm going to watch a Studio Ghibli film.
Is that the studio that did My Neighbor Totoro?
Yes that is! I love their films.
I've only seen Totoro but I loved it! It was such a cute film.
I agree. I'm not sure which one to watch though.
I wish I could make a suggestion but I've only seen one Studio Ghibli film.
I think I'm going to watch Kiki's Delivery Service.
What's that one about?
It's about a witch who turns 13 years old and goes off on her own.
Actually, I think I might have heard of that one.
It's one of my favorites and the first Studio Ghibli film I've seen.
I really want to watch that one now!
You definitely should! You will not be dissappointed.
Which other one would you recommend?
I would recommend all of them! But you could start with Spirited away.
Okay I will keep that one in mind.
Let me know if you want more film suggestions!
Who is your least favorite actor?
I guess I'd probably say Nicholas Cage?
Nick Cage? That guy is a riot! He's so goofy and fun!
So goofy and awful, you mean.
Oh, man, his performance in Con Air is one of my favorite 'good bad' performances of all time.
I barely remember watching that movie on cable one night, years ago.
With that corny Southern accent. 'Why couldn't you put down the bunny?' Hahaha.
He just seems super over-the-top and annoying most of the time.
I respect the effort that he puts into each role. Regardless of the script, he gives his all.
Well, but usually the script is terrible, especially recently.
It's true, he hasn't been very choosy recently.
He's been choosing, just bad movies! Did you see The Sorcerer's Apprentice?
I saw a trailer for it, and it didn't look good.
Spoilers: It was in fact not good.
I prefer to think about peak Nicholas Cage. How about Leaving Las Vegas?
Yeah, he was alright in that. Like 30 years ago.
Either way, I think he won the Oscar for that performance.
He might have, you might be right.
So, just saying - your least favorite actor was once the best actor in the world.
I still don't like him, what can I say? He just grates on me.
Did you hear latest tom cruise movie?
Are you talking abut "the mimmy"?
Yes, thats the one.
who is starring in?
Tom Cruise, Annabelle Wallis, Sofia Boutella, Jake Johnson, Courtney B. Vance, Marwan Kenzari and Russell Crowe.
which kind of movie is it?
action-adventure horror film
When is it going to be released?
is scheduled to be released in the United States on June 9, 2017 in 2D, 3D and IMAX 3D.
where was it filmed?
It was also filmed in Surrey. Filming on the movie wrapped on July 17, 2016, in London. Production then moved to Namibia for two weeks with principal photography on the film being completed on August 13, 2016.[30]
was it cancelled before?
Yes.Following the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing on May 22, Universal cancelled the film's U.K. premiere which had been scheduled to take place in London on June 1.
who directed it?
Alex Kurtzman
is it directed from a book?
No,  It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise[3] and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series
Cool.
yes we should see it.
Defintely,
One of my favorite all time movies is The Wickerman. Did you ever see it?
No. Never heard of that one.
Well, let me tell you. It is a messed up movie.
Messed up how.
Well Nick Cage is in it. That should say enough.
Yeah he has really been in some messed up movies.
He acts like his crazy self in this.
What is this about?
Cages Ex gets in touch with him about her missing daughter.
Is he a cop?
Yes, and of course he goes to her rescue.
Is it a comedy?
It's not supposed to be, it's supposed to be a horror film.
Does he make it funny?
Yes. He is just so weird in it. He has to go to an island to help her.
Is there some kind of supernatural forces?
Funny, but no. An island filled with women.
Well that could be scary if you know what I mean.
There are so many weird moments. You gotta watch it.
I'll check it out.
Rank the Star Wars movies from best to worst.
Do I include The Clone Wars?
Yes, since it's canon.
Okay: Rogue One, Episode V, Episode VII, Episode III, Episode VI, Episode II, Episode I, The Clone Wars.
WHAT? Blasphemy!
Which part?
Episode V is by far superior to everything.
It's really not. It's one of those that's really good but not so much on subsequent viewings.
So why is Rogue better?
Well, modern technology alone gives it the appeal. It has more unexpected elements like the laser machine gun ... which he reloads!
True, I've never seen a weapon reloaded or even low in the Star Wars movies.
I know you're not done digging into me.
Duh. Why III over VI?
VI is awful and was made to market to kids. The happy ending and teddy bears overthrowing the empire?
Yeah but they're cute!
But teddy bears can't fight. And Luke and Leia JUST met them.
You don't think a bunch of teddy bears can defeat a bunch of AT-ATs?
No, not even in the dense forest setting.
Seriously, why were they there?
No idea. The emperor is an idiot for thinking that was the appropriate response for a jungle battle.
Which movie series have been the most successful?
Well that depends on how you mean successful. The Fast and the Furious is by far the series with the most movies.
Unless you count the Avengers movies.
That's debatable. The Avenger movies could be a series separate from the Captain America movies, and the Ironman movies.
Or you could go the other way and count all of those as part of the Avengers franchise, and include the Guardians of the Galaxy movies.
Just because they're Marvel movies and Stan Lee mad an appearance doesn't make them part of the same franchise.
Speaking of Chris Pratt: there's the Jurassic Park/World movies. I can't wait for the next one.
Chris Pratt's reboot was silly but fun. There was the Tomb Raider franchise.
That was only two movies, wasn't it? Is it a franchise if there are only two movies.
Point taken. There were the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe movies.
And the Lord of the Rings and Hobbit movies. So do you count those as two franchises or one.
Gandalf makes it a single franchise. And speaking of Hugo Weaving movies, there was the Matrix franchise.
There was the Indiana Jones franchise.
That was excellent. And if you mention Harrison Ford, you have to mention the Star Wars franchise.
And if you mention the Star Wars franchise, you have to mention the Star Trek franchise.
Confuse them you must not.
There was the Jaws franchise.
No, not really. There was Jaws, and there's been an endless stream of bad shark movies every since.
So is the Fast and the Furious or Star Wars franchise the longest running?
Ponder this I must.
hey, so what happened about our movie fan club?
yes, I couldn't get it started this week, but next week I am sure I'll get it done.
okay so are we going to focus on one particular genre or it is a generalized fan club?
I haven't given it that much thought yet. But I am thinking of making it limited to a particular genre.
oh okay, I am cool with that. So what genre you have in your mind?
I think I am going to go with sci fi.
That sounds cool. I myself am a huge fan of sci fi movies.
really? I didn't know that. So which is your favorite sci fi movie?
I think martian is one of my favorite sci fi movie.
oh wow! what a co incidence. That's my favorite sci fi movie as well!
I just love that movie. It's like having glimpse at future.
yes, and the future that doesn't seem very distant.
yes, it definitely looks possible in next 50 years.
so did you like matt damon's acting in martian?
oh yes, I think he was the perfect actor to play that role.
yes, somehow I feel that matt damon does pretty great job in space movies.
oh yes, I just remember that he was in interstellar as well.
yes, but I didn't like that they took him as a bad guy in interstellar.
yes, I was portrayed as a bit stupid in interstellar,
exactly. You won't believe that I was going to say the exact same thing!
What do you think about Ben Affleck as Batman in 'Batman v Superman?'
I thought he was phenomenal.  My favorite Batman.
Really?  I think he's good, but my favorite is Michael Keaton.
Keaton was great too.
He was.  It was also the first movie that really set the darker tone for Batman that we have today.
What did you think about 'Batman v Superman' as a whole?
To be honest, besides the Batman scenes, the rest of the movie wasn't really that good.
It was a huge disappointment.  I had looked forward to it for so long.
Yea.  The script was awful and pacing was poor.
They also tried to fit too much into one movie.
Tell me about it.  They had to introduce us to Batman in this film universe, show us Superman, and also introduce the Justice League all at the same time.
There just simply wasn't enough time for all of it.
Not to mention that the actual Batman vs. Superman fight scene was a fraction of the movie's run-time.
Though it was a really cool action sequence.
I will give props to Zack Snyder though for the excellent visuals of the movie.
That's one thing no critic can take away from Snyder.  The man really knows how to make things look good for the camera.
I have high hopes for the new 'Justice League' movie.
Same.  I think 'Batman v Superman' might have been weak, but at least set foundations for a Justice League movie to work.
The good thing is that the cast is great.
Don't forget that 'Justice League' will have Joss Whedon fixing up elements of the script.  And we both know the man knows how to improve a script.
I watched a great movie last night.
What was it called?
It was called Why Him?
Oh I missed that one.
You have to watch it.
Why do you say that?
It was really great.
It received lackluster reviews.
The reveiwers are lame people.
Please explain more.
The movie was extremely funny and modern.
Oh so maybe it offended people.
Yes I think so.
Was it entirely slapstick?
No there was great wit.
Ok I appreciate that.
Yes it combined many elements of good comedy.
What do you mean?
There was visual as well as intellectual humor.
Ok thank you for the solid recommendation.
Hey girl, how have you been?
I've been pretty good, how about you?
Great! I went to the movies last night with a few friends and saw the new Beauty and the Beast.
Oh really? What did you think about it?
I thought it was awesome! Emma Watson was amazing as Belle.
Oh, she plays the lead in that movie?
Yeah! The whole cast was stunning. There was Dan Stevens as the beast and Luke Evans as Gaston.
I heard they sang in that movie, did they really sing or did someone sing for them?
Yeah, they all trained before they started shooting in order to actually sing for their parts.
That's amazing, were they any good?
You bet! And the visuals were amazing, too. This movie was two hours of an artistic masterpiece.
What do you mean?
I mean the special effects were very high end.
So it looked realistic and the beast didn't look too cheesy?
I don't think so. They put a lot of effort into planning out their scenes and their character designs.
Was it much like the original cartoon?
Oh, yeah. It was almost exactly the same! It starts out the same, with the scenes and music, too.
I'll have to check it out then.
You should! I'd give this movie a 10/10.
That sounds awesome, I'm so excited to see it. Thanks!
Hey, do you ever watch those old superhero movies?
Do you mean like the old Batman movies and stuff like that?
I'm talking about the really old stuff. For example, did you ever see black and white Batman movies?
I didn't realize they made black and white Batman movies, actually.
They actually made a series of shorts back in 1943.
I guess they used to do more shorts back in the old days.
They did. Movies used to sometimes have those news highlight reels about the war.
I guess nowadays they pretty much just show trailers.
I feel like that's part of the fun of going to the movies, though.
That's true.
Plus, you get to find out about all of the new stuff coming out.
I hate when a trailer looks really good, and then the movie turns out to be really bad.
Yes. Sometimes all of the good stuff is in the trailers, and then there's nothing left for the movie.
Usually if the trailers make it seem like the movie is all special effects, I don't bother seeing the movie.
So, you're not a car-chase fan?
No. I prefer the subtle stuff.
Alfred Hitchcock was good at that.
Yes. He was the master of suspense.
Psycho is basically an all-time classic.
I guess they don't usually make them like that anymore.
Do you love that Moonstruck movie with Cher?
I love that movie she was a great actor in that?
Which was your favorite Godfather movie?
I would have to say Part 3.
Do you still listen to the pulp ficiton soundtrack?
I do all the time. It never gets bad. Favorite is let's stay together by al green.
Do you like Frank Sinatra or Bing Crosby better?
Frank Sinatra was involved with the mafia...he just has more soul.
What is your favorite movie in recent years?
La la land was good. Hidden Figures was good.
Do you Angelina Jolie? Or she is just crazy. What movies do you like her in?
The only movie I ever liked her was Tombraider.
What is your favorite Tom Cruise movie?
Born on the fourth of July of course. I hate Tom Cruise though.
What is your ultimate favorite scary movie?
Sharks, or Jason, or Friday the 13th are good. Polterguiste cannot be beat.
What is your favorite old time movie.
Definitely the Sound of Music. Coming to America is my favorite 80s movie.
How about your favorite ultime 90s movie?
Dazed and confused or pulp fiction. Awesomeness. Monsters ball also is that from the 90s?
We were watching a great movie last night and I can't remember the name.
What was it about?
It took place in the midevil times but had cross references with modern music and funny sayings.
Who was in it?
Heath Ledger was the main character.
Was anyone else good in it?
There was but I don't know there names. He pretended to be a knight so he could win money in Jousts.
That was called A Knights Tale.
That's it. You're right. I liked it.
It was a funny movie. I liked the guy who used to introduce him in the jousts.
Yes, that blonde actor.
Yeah. I think he was also in that movie The Replacements.
Wish I could remember his name.
I liked that they played more modern music in it too.
The bad guy in the movie , I don't know his name, seems to be bad in every movie he is in.
I know who you are talking about. Yes, he is always cast as a bad guy.
They could have made a second one. It would've been good. Those characters all went together well.
Yes, even the girl who was the blacksmith.
I wonder if she was ever in any other movies.
Yes, she was. Not many popular ones.
Would you be willing to watch a movie with me?
What movie do you have in mind?
Well I've been thinking about watching Raging Bull again.
Never heard of it, what's it about?
It outlines the life of boxing great Jake Lamotta
So like Rocky in real life?
It's funny that you mention Rocky as both films won best picture and are often compared, would say this is more gritty. Lamotta didn't have the easiest of lives.
Hmm interesting will need to look it up, but would likely be interested,  who directed it?
The great Martin Scorsese
Oh wow then I have little doubt it will be good.
Yeah it's great and the acting is superb.
Who stars in it?
Robert De niro has the main role and is great as always, Joe Pesci is remarkable as well.
Sounds like a great cast, look forward to it.
Yeah some of the better actors of our generation and a world class director.
Where would you rank it among Martin's films?
It's actually my favorite.
Wow and that's saying something.
He typically always delivers,  but the direction of this is on a whole other level, I am of course a boxing fan, so perhaps biased.
You do love your boxing! Get back to me soon and we can make this work.
What's your favorite bad movie?
Favorite BAD movie?
Yeah, like one you know is not well done, but you enjoy watching it anyway.
Oh, I guess it's Grease 2, then.
There's a Grease 2?
Yes, and it's terrible, but so much fun to watch.  Catchy, but bizarre songs, silly plot, bad editing.
Sounds awesome.
It kind of is.  It has Michelle Pfeiffer singing about how she wants a Cool Rider.
Okay, you've sold me on this terribleness that I have to see.  I'll have to see if I can find it somewhere.
You should.  So, what's your favorite bad movie?
That's a tough call.  There's The Ice Pirates, which is a weird parody/rip-off of like Star Wars and other sci-fi movies.
The Ice Pirates.  I don't think I've ever heard of it.
They used to show it on TV, late.  It had Robert Urich and Joan Rivers, or at least her voice as a robot.
Joan Rivers?
Yeah.  The robot was also kind of styled like her.
I don't even know what to say to that.
Ha.  But I think I'd actually pick Cutthroat Island as my favorite.
That huge flop with Geena Davis?
Yes, and Matthew Modine.  It's incredibly ridiculous and I love it.
Okay, I guess bad pirate movies must really do it for you.
Seen anything good at the theaters lately?
Well, I did see The Lovers a few nights ago.
How was it?
It was great! It was about this older married couple who were having troubles.
What kind of troubles?
Well, they were cheating on each other with other people and starting to form attachments with the other people. They were prepared to leave.
Did they?
Well, yeah sort of.
Sort of. What's that supposed to mean? Did they leave or not?
Eventually they did. But then they got together on the side and were cheating on their new partners with one another!
I guess that's kind of a happy ending?
Yeah, I think they decided that they really liked cheating. So, how about you? See anything good?
No, I haven't. I'm really waiting for Star Wars.
You mean The Last Jedi?
Yes, that's the one.
I haven't been following the newer Star Wars movies. What is there to anticipate?
We could find out what finally happens to Luke Skywalker and the Jedi.
That would be exciting, I guess. Should I see it?
Yeah, definitely.
Okay, maybe I will.
Were you a fan of those older horror movies?
You mean like the slasher flicks?
Yes!  Movies like Halloween or Friday the 13th.
You know what is interesting about that?  I don't identify with the movies as much as I do with the actual characters.
I know what you mean.  Most people don't point to individual movies.
Exactly.  Instead people talk about Jason or Freddy Krueger.
I don't know if you'd agree with me, but I think Freddy Krueger is the most iconic of all of them.
I do agree!  I think Freddy is the only character that made its actor an icon as well.
Robert Englund, right?
Yes, Englund.  One of the best actor and character combinations of all time.
I agree.  Going beyond just this horror genre, Englund's portrayal is simply among the best in movie history.
Yes.  He made the character of Freddy Krueger so iconic.
So what do you think about the newer slasher flicks, like Scream?
Well Scream is over twenty years old.  It's not exactly newer.  But I know what you mean.
Yea, Scream is pretty old now, but it did kind of resurrect the genre.
I have watched all the Scream movies.  They definitely are well done.
I agree.  I thought they were excellent homages to the earlier slasher flicks while bringing something new to the genre.
Scream also helped resurrect Drew Barrymore's career a bit.
True, she was in the movie for a short time, but everyone remembers her role.
Yes, one of the more shocking moments in any movie.
Want to talk about movies?
Of course, that sounds good.
Do you like any particular movies?
Not really I love them all.
Me too
One of the movies I love is Constantine.
That's a really good one.
It's so crypic, but it's so good
It has really good acting.
It does, the actor they cast is perfect for the role
I also like national treaure
I love those movies
I've learned so much from those novies
They are really interesting
And Nicolas cage acts perfectly
Yes he does
I wish they would make another one
Me too
Maybe they ran out of secrets
That's a possibility
I just feel like asking, but are you a fan of the Friday film series?
You mean Friday the 13th, like with Jason Voorhees?
No, I mean the Friday films, with Ice Cube.
You know, I'm not sure I've seen those before.
Oh, well I guess there's no point in me asking.
It's fine. You can tell me about them if you'd like.
Alright, then. Basically it's about a guy living in a ghetto neighborhood in Southern California that experiences conflicts particularly on Friday.
The series, or just one movie?
Basically the whole series. The first one revolves around Ice Cube and Chris Tucker's characters of Craig and Smokey dealing with a neighborhood bully named Deebo, who's played by Tommy Lister Jr.
Is it funny at all?
Yes, it is. the whole series is of comedy movies.
Alright then. Tell me more.
The second one takes place some time later, and revolves around Craig and his cousin Day Day, who's played by Mike Epps, dealing with a family of thugs that live across the street from them.
Sounds pretty similar to the first one.
Yeah, the three of them are pretty similar. The third and last one is about Craig and Day Day trying to collect rent money after being robbed by "Santa Claus" on Christmas Eve.
Now that just sounds silly.
It is, but trust me. They're pretty funny.
Are there any other actors in those movies that I might recognize.
Off the top of my head, I know that John Witherspoon, Terry Crews, Nia Long, and Clifton Powell have all starred in at least one of the movies in the series.
Well, if I find one of those movies on Netflix or anywhere for streaming, I'll give it a watch.
Have you seen guardians of the galaxy 2?
Yes I have!
What did you think?
OMG I loved it!
I loved it too!
Yeah Drax! He's hilarious in that movie
I know. "You're beautiful, only on the inside"
Hahahahahha, that line is classic!
I couldn't stop laughing either.
These marvel movies are really kicking ass.
I know, I can't wait for the next one.
Yeah!!! Spiderman is next, then thor!
OH I can't wait for those, they look so good.
Yeah that actor that plays peter parker is amazing.
He is, the thor movie looks amazing too.
Yeah, I cant wait to see the hulk in it.
Are you going to see wonder woman too?
Heck yeah I am. Already got my tickets!
Wow, me too.
I'm soo excited for wonder woman.
I have been trying to get more into classic films, know much about them?
A bit, I like to watch them.
Which would you say I should start with?
I would go Casablanca, for sure. That is a real classic.
I do not really know that one, who is in it.
Humphrey Bogart, I am sure you would know him if you seen him.
Which others, after that.
Well, there are lots. I would start on some Audrey Hepburn movies.
The girl from that Tiffany's movie?
Breakfast at Tiffany's. Yes, and get into that one too. It is great. She has others.
Like what?
There is one called Roman Holiday.
What is it about.
I will not spoil it, but she is a princess it also has Gregory Peck, real old film leading guy.
I liked a few of his films. Know any that are a bit less romance?
Alfred Hitchcock does a lot of horror, little romance too, but some good scary stuff.
Like what?
Well, there is Psycho.
The black and white one.
Yes, but it was so gory at the time it had to be black and white. It is a really classic, but interesting film.
See any good horror movies lately?
I saw the movie, 'Get Out.'
I've heard about it.  Didn't a comedian direct it?
Yes.  It was written and directed by Jordan Peele.
You mean from 'Key and Peele?'
Yea.  He's now branching out and doing other things.
What was 'Get Out' about?
It's about this guy who goes up to meet his new girlfriend's parents in the suburbs.
How is that scary?
I can't say too much without giving it away, but he gets there and strange things start to happen.
Anything else you can tell me?
Well it actually covers a lot of different social and racial issues.  It's also a hybrid comedy.
Wow that's unlike other horror movies you normally hear about.
It is just so well-written.  All of those elements mix well together.
I'll stop by at Red Box on the way back from the office and get a copy.
It'll be well worth it.  Have you seen any good horror movies lately?
I saw 'Don't Breathe.'  It's about teens who rob a blind man's home, but end up being the victims.
That's a very interesting role-reversal.
It's good.  It stars Dylan Minette from '13 Reasons Why' and 'Goosebumps,' as well as Scott Lang from 'Avatar.'
Oh, I'm a big fan of 'Scott Lang.'  You watch 'Get Out,' and I'll watch 'Don't Breathe.'
Have you seen the latest Harry Potter film?
WHich one are you talking about?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to find them.
I did not even know that was a Harry Potter movie
Well it does not have Harry in it, but it is based off the the Harry Potter books.
Oh I will have to check it out, If the original cast is not in it, is it set at Hogwarts?
No, it is kind of a prequal, taking place years ago before Harry
Is it magical too?
yes, filled with magic and creatures
it is set in England
No actually in the US
sounds fun and interesting, I will check it out.
Do you know if there will be another Hunger Games movie?
well the others were based on the books, unless she writes another I so not see any more.
oh the author of the books is a woman?
yes her name is Susan Collins
I love all of those movies
I like them too, such an original story
But I dont like they made the last story into 2 movies
I agree the book was not that long to make 2 movies out of it but it was still well done
What do you think of the new Spider-Man trailer?
For Homecoming? I think it looks great. Are you planning to watch it?
Oh, absolutely! With the trailer and with his appearance in Civil War, I feel like they finally nailed the Spider-Man character perfectly, and I'm so excited for him to get his own movie.
Me too. Not to say that any of the past ones were bad, though.
Not at all. Tobey Maguire's Spidey is still one of my favorites.
He really knocked it out of the park in Spider-Man 2. His whole storyline with Dr. Octopus was so good.
Agreed. I don't think he ever had a bad moment throughout his 3 movies.
I mean, Spider-Man 3 wasn't the best.
I'm going to be completely honest here, but I really liked Spider-Man 3.
What? That's a first!
I don't care. I liked seeing Venom and Sandman, and I thought it was nice to round off the storyline with Harry.
Harry's death scene was pretty sad.
Yeah, it was. The only one I could think of that might be sadder is when Gwen died in one of the newer ones.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2. That scene was heartbreaking.
I really liked the imagery in it with the web that he shot to try and catch her, with it looking like a hand and all. I thought that added a lot to the scene.
Same here. Also, I know there wasn't any blood or anything, but I thought the way she died was pretty brutal.
Understandable. My stomach dropped when I heard her hit the ground.
Yeah, that was pretty bad. Now that we're talking about it, The Amazing Spider-Man movies weren't that bad.
They weren't. I thought Andrew Garfield was a solid Spidey. Not enough to hold up to Tobey, though.
Well, we'll see if Tom Holland can outshine both of them.
Do you like ensemble cast films?
Can you give me an example?
Well the one I have in mind is not that good
This should be interesting
The movie is He's just not that into you.
OK I am embrassed to say that I Have seen that film.
How did you feel about it?
To be honest, it was not that bad.
So do you like the ensemble films.
Yes I think it is good.
I think it makes the actors better.
And the actresses too.
Sorry I meant that under the umbrella of Hollywood.
Well back to the topic, yes they are cool to see.
I mean we see them in animated films pretty much.
Yeah its hard to think thats how it is.
I think the people acting in the film want to look better so its better acting.
Sometimes its a bit too much though.
They all want to compete to be the lead star.
And competition usually brings good things to the viewer
Did you see the movie Why Him?
The one with James Franco?
Yeah it has James Franco and Bryan Cranston.
Yeah I saw it. It was really funny I was honestly surprised how funny it was.
I know me too. I wasn't even going to see it because it looked corny but my brother told me how good it was.
Yeah I really like seeing Bryan Cranston doing a variety of rolls. He was so serious in Breaking Bad but so funny in this.
I completely agree. Breaking Bad was amazing and he did such a great job, but I love seeing him doing funny roles as well.
Yeah I am a huge comedy lover so I tend to watch a lot of comedy movies.
Same here. Did you watch Get A Job? Bryan Cranston has a roll in that movie too.
Yes I love that movie. Anna Kendrick and Miles Teller were great together and Bryan Cranston played a believable father role.
Yeah it was nice to see a movie where people were dealing with life struggles that were so realateable.
Relateable and also so funny. I feel like it went unnoticed too when it came out.
I agree. It was almost like an indie movie but there was so much there. One of my favorite movies.
It was so funny how Bryan Cranston started going to the coffee shop and that barista started helping him with social media.
I know I loved her! And I loved how he was just going there everyday and then really started to like it.
I know, see that is why I love him. He is lovable and agreeable in almost everything he plays.
I know! Even in Breaking Bad I also loved him. Like you wanted to root for the bad guy.
I completely agree. Man now I really want to go re-watch Get A Job.
Well I actually have it on DVD so if you want to come over we can watch it together.
That sounds good. I'll see if I have any other comedies of Bryan Cranston films too.
Hello! Are you where you can chat for a little bit?
I am free for  a few minutes. I am on break at work.
I was just taking a short break as well. I was thinking about when I worked in the video store.
Oh I didn't know you worked in a video store! Did you like doing that?
It was fun getting to have regular customers and having great people to work with.
That wasn't what I expected to hear. Did you get free rentals?
I certainly did and enjoyed it so much. One of my favorite movies that came out was "Undercover Brother"
I love that movie! It cracked me up!
The cast of that movie is star studded. I don't know who I liked the most.
Oh the one with Dave Chappelle, Denise Richards, Chris Kattan...etc
I never laughed so hard in my life just when you thought it couldn't get any crazier...it does.
I think I fell asleep in it but you have convinced me to watch it again.
There Is this one part with Neil Patrick Harris that surprised me so much that I thought I was going to wet my pants from laughing so hard
I like it when I find a movie that makes me feel like that.
I would recommend this movie to everyone of my customers. I bought that movie which is something I rarely did.
Well you sold me.
Definitely have someone watch it with you that likes comedy.
Will do and I will make some mood munchies for the best experience.
That's a great idea. Be sure it's 1970's themed snacks.
Talk to you later.
Are you a Tina Fey fan?
Oh I love Tina Fey!
Have you seen any of her movies?
Yeah, Sisters and Baby Mama.
Oh loved those! Sisters has an uncut version.
Yep. I'm sure that's totally appropriate.
I loved her in 30 Rock.  I just saw her in Whiskey Tango Foxtrot.
Oh yeah, that looked like a pretty funny movie.
It was.  She played a burned out journalist who requests a transfer to the Middle East.
Not the best place to be.  I'll bet the film had a lot of her gags.
That's true.  She does do a lot of physical comedy.
Did she write the script?
I don't know.  Seems like she would have.
She's talented in that department.
I think she was having a go at serious acting.
Good for her.
So along with the comic lines there were serious undertones.
Sounds like her.  Do you recommend the film?
Yeah it was pretty good.
I'll check it out then.
Do you watch sports movies?
Occasionally. It's not my favorite but they can be enjoyable. Why do you ask?
What're your top movies?
It's complicated. I loved Moneyball as a baseball fan, but there's one surprising movie that WOULD be my favorite if they had the right ending.
Which is that?
Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story.
YOU liked THAT? You hate Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughan!
I know, I know, but it's set up perfectly.
What did you mean "If the end was right?"
Well, you know how the good guys win in the end?
Yeah, a feel-good ending.
Well, that's not what was supposed to happen.
What was?
Ben Stiller said the original ending, and what's in the end credits, is that the bad guys end up winning as it's more realistic.
That'd be a slap in the face and audiences wouldn't like it.
That's what the studio figures, but I don't buy it. We can handle the bad guys winning.
Yeah, like in the original Rocky.
See? And it won Best Picture!
I agree with Moneyball, especially with Jonah Hill.
Too bad that's the only movie he can act in properly.
Are you going to see Wonder Woman/
I don't know.
Why not?
DC is not putting out very good movies.
I kind of agree.
Marvel is really stomping them.
Agreed.
Are you going to see it.
I think so.
I'm not really impressed with the casting.
Yeah, the girl seems a bit patite.
I know. She's supposed to be an Amazon.
With girls that frail the men surely would have taken over.
Sexist!
Just saying.
Well she's no Linda Evans.
Who?
TV's Wonder Woman.
That was a statuesque woman.
Indeed!
Do you like classic movies?
I love old westerns and black and white movies, what do you like?
I really enjoy old Hitchcock movies, have you seen "North By Northwest"?
Yes, I really like Cary Grant, he is a great actor.
He was great in "Charade".
Is that the one with Audrey Hepburn?
Yes, shes great in it.
I like her in "Roman Holiday".
Don't forget "Breakfast at Tiffany's".
I like that movie, but I prefer old Hitchcock stuff, like "The Birds".
"The Birds" had a much deeper meaning then I think people realize.
I heard its really about the end of the world.
Yes, that is what I read as well, "Psycho" is my favorite.
I wish they had done a part two, maybe he escapes or something.
That was a great movie, really did a lot for movies.
Many movies copied what they did, it was a great twist ending.
Thrillers have not been the same since.
Nope, Hitchcock really outdid himself.
He did dozens of movies, I love that he had a small part in all of them.
Yes, I always try to spot him in his movies.
Have you seen the new Alien movie
their is a new one?
Yeah their is
I swore one came out not to long ago.
This one is called Covenent.
Yeah that is a new one compared to the last one i saw
What is the name of the last one you saw
I think it had a name that was not aliens
Their is only one that comes to mind
What one is that
The one that comes to mind is Prometheus
I think it was that one
Yeah it most likely was
I really liked the movie to be honest
It was okay i think
Is the new one good?
I really liked it
Well now you are making me want to see it
Well it is much better than Prometheus
Well i guess i should go watch it then
Who is your favorite actor?
For TV or movies?
Your favorite movie actor.
I think I would have to say Ryan Reynolds.
Really? Interesting choice.
Yes, I think he's very funny.
What was the last movie you saw him in?
Deadpool.
How was that?
It was amazing! He was so funny!
Was that movie received well critically?
It was actually. People like it a lot.
Is there going to be a sequel?
I would expect so. It made a lot of money.
Did the studio expect it to do so well?
I don't think so. They were happily surprised.
I'm sure Ryan Reynolds was pleasantly surprised too.
Yes, he probably was very happy and made a lot of money personally.
Good for him. I'm excited to see Deadpool 2
Me too! I'm going to go online and look up when it is coming out
Have you seen Ex-Machina?
No but I have heard about it.
It is one of the best movies ever.
Wow that is a strong statement you make.
Yes it is about robotics.
Ok that is an interesting field
Yes and it is also about AI.
Oh wow that is intriguing.
Yes it is set in a compound in the forest.
Wow that sounds like the perfect movie.
Yes the compound has every human desire including great nature.
Yes that is a great idea for a movie.
Yes that is only a small part of the movie though.
Oh ok what is it about.
It is about our human future interacting with robots.
Ok that is very interesting.
Yes this movie is really well done.
Yes that sounds profound.
Yes there is even a human relationship element to the movie.
Ok that sounds like a complete movie.
Have you seen any movies recently?
I saw Avatar,
With Zoe Saldana?
Yeah.
How was that movie?
I liked it a lot.
It got so much hype.
Yeah I love sci fi movies.
Did you see the movie aliens?
No I did not. Who is in that?
Sigourney Weaver.
Oh interesting. No I haven't heard of it actually.
It came out in 1986.
That is probably why I hadn't heard of it,
What other movies have you seen?
I saw A Dog's Purpose.
How was it?
It was a very cute movie,
Should I see it?
Definitely.
Have you seen the Hunger Game first movie?
Yes, it was pretty intense.
Can you imagine having our children ripped from us to go hunt each other?
That is a really crazy thing but I bet there are some countries whose children have to fight to survive.
Do you think you would have traded places with you little sister so she didn't have to go fight like Katniss did in  the movie?
I certainly would have traded places with her, she is so young.  Would you have traded places?
I am pretty certain I would but I don't know for sure.
Do you remember where the Hunger Games took place?
Yes, it took place in Panem which was established after an apocalyptic event.
I don't remember much about Panem.  Can you help me remember a bit?
The nation consisted of the wealthy capital.  Surrounding the capital are twelve poor districts.
That's right and they randomly pick 2 kids from each district to go fight for the death in the games.
It is pretty sad to think that this happened in the movie.  It seemed so real.
I know, you feel like you are right there, a part of the movie.
Do you remember the name of the child who Katniss became friends with?
Yes, during the games, Katniss and Rue become good friends.
Oh yeah and Rue is killed and Katniss killed the tribute who killed Rue.
Do you remember Katniss singing to Rue as she was dying?
She sang to her and then to defy the Capital, she covered Rue's body with flowers.
I was so glad that Katniss did not like the capital and was not afraid to show it.
Did you see the new movie about the rap game?
No what do you mean?
There have been a few really great movies about rappers.
Oh ok I think I know, which one in particular.
Straight outta Compton was a masterpiece.
Ok I will watch it then.
Yes you really need to.
What was so great about it.
Watch the first 5 minutes.
Ok I can do that.
You will get a good taste of why it is so awesome.
It was so amazing.
Why, please tell me why.
It has a great story.
Ok what else.
It has a great cast.
It is the perfect movie.
What is a perfect movie.
One that has every element of a good movie in one film.
Ok thank you for the information.
Have you seen the latest Fast and Furious movie?
No, I haven't. Have you?
Yes, I really enjoyed it actually.
How did the deal with no Paul Walker?
Well, they made some vague references here an there.
Did it feel like something was mssing?
I think so yes. The movie was good but not great
Were the cars good?
Well of course! They are awesome
Were they any standouts?
I don't think so.
I heard the did a lot of flashbacks?
Its tue there were. I found it a bit confusing
Do you think there will be more?
I am not sure. The way it ended maybe...?
I would love to go see it I think
Let me know and I will join you
Really? Thats great thanks
Its great on a big screen
I would bet
What is your favorite Rocky movie?
Rocky V
Seriously?
No, I'm just kidding. My favorite was the first one.
Yeah, that one was definitely the best one
It was like a really good indie movie
Yeah, there actually wasn't that much boxing in that one
Correct, much more dialogue and background story
Things ramped up quite a bit with Rocky III
Yes, that was the shift to steroids era one.
Oh yeah, definitely some transformation of Stallone by then
Did that one have Mr T as well?
Yes, and I think Hulk Hogan as well
Oh yeah, the crazy match with Hogan and Stallone
It was sad to see Mickey die
Yeah, someone always has to go at some point
Like Apollo in Rocky IV
Yes, like Apollo after he fought Drago
At least Rocky ended the Cold War at the end of Rocky IV
Ummm...right
Good morning.
Hello.
Doing okay today?
Yep, you?
Yeah same here.
Good.
Do you like watching movies?
Yeah sure.
Same here.
It's a great way to relax.
Yeah I agree.
We like watching movies a lot on netflix.
Yeah love netflix.
I like it a lot better than going to the theaters.
Oh really, why?
Yeah it's just easier and you don't have to deal with other people.
Sometimes people are obnoxious in the theaters.
Yes, they will ruin a movie for you.
I agree.
Good chatting with you.
I'm not sure how I feel about them making another sequel to Toy Story.
Yeah they kind of ended it pretty well with Toy Story 3.
It was a great cap on the nostalgia for those who grew up with the series.
Though I think people were apprehensive about 3 too and that turned out good.
True, Pixar can generally do no wrong, they're pretty solid.
Yeah even if it's not as good as past entries there's no doubt it will still be a good movie.
But it's Toy Story I feel like there's a standard there, it needs to be great.
We're talking about a movie that is about talking toys.
Yeah but it's more than just that, there's a message, like all of their movies.
I suppose so, but they're largely marketed towards kids.
And that's the beauty of it, the depth that exists within them even though they're marketed at kids.
That is definitely a thing I like about animated movies these days.
Yeah there's a lot of subtext in even stuff like Zootopia.
Speaking of, Zootopia was an instant classic.
Yeah we're pretty spoiled when it comes to animated movies these days.
No kidding, Moana was another stupdendous flick.
Disney is still churning out the goods, even if they aren't hand drawn like people want.
I have nothing wrong with CGI animation these days, people need to get with the times.
Even though the cartoon Disney movies were beautiful.
Yeah I can't disagree there.
Have you seen the new Amy Schumer movie?
No, I didn't know she had another one out. What's it called?
It's called Snatched.
What's it about?
It's about a mother and daughter that take a vacation to South America and have to get out of dangerous situations.
Oh, that sounds like it could be funny.
The concept is good, but it was really bad.
That stinks. What made it so bad?
It just wasn't funny at all.  I don't think I laughed once.
That doesn't sound very good. Who else was in the movie?
Goldie Hawn played Schumer's mom, so I was hoping it would be better.
Yeah I would think Goldie Hawn would make it good.
I thought so too, but it was disappointing.  Nothing like Trainwreck.
That movie was so funny!
I know! That's why I was hoping this one would be as good, but it wasn't.
I'm sorry it was so bad. Maybe there will be some better comedies that come out.
I can only hope so. Comedies are my favorite genre and I get so disappointed when they're not good.
I can understand that, especially if you're in the mood to laugh.
I was, but it just wasn't happening.
I'll be sure to not go see it then.
I heard that new Aliens moving is coming out.
It's already out actually. It's called Alien Covenant.
Cool. Have you seen it?
No. I haven't seen it. I just saw a trailer that said it was playing in theatres now.
I wonder if it's any good. I like the previous movies in that franchise.
I hope it's good. The original Alien movie was really good.
I love that movie. Sigourney Weaver is great in that.
Yes. I find it to be the most memorable one in the franchise.
Remember Alien vs. Predator? Did you ever see that?
I did see it. It was good, I suppose.
Yes, I agree. It's not like you can really expect a movie of great profundity with a topic like that.
Sometimes movies are just fun. They don't always have to be profound.
I agree. Some people feel that way about car-chase style movies.
Sure. Fast and Furious is a franchise that keeps producing.
I'm more of a Smokie and the Bandit type of person myself.
I agree. That was an original classic, starring Burt Reynolds.
Wasn't Sally Field in that also?
Yes. I think she was, as well as Dom Delouise possibly, if I'm not mistaken.
That's a movie with a great song that goes with it, too.
It sure is. "East bound and down. Loaded up and truckin'..."
hey have you seen the movie toy story 3 ?
not yet ..is it any good ?
any good ..this one's amazing man !
oh really ..how is that so !
well the story is like nothing I have ever seen
is that one of those spy stories ?
not really a spy story ...more of a family thing actually
oh cool ...what kind of a family thing ..
well i am sure you know that this is an animation ..so they tell this story through  a lot of metaphors
OK....
so it explains better than anyone or anything else why its so important to stick to family
oh...sounds cool
yeh ....and every scene to be so uniquely crafted ...you will so into it
you are making me jealous
so where did you see it ? are they playing it on a theater ?
not really ..this one is a little old one...so you probably need to get a dvd
i see ...did you rent it from redbox ?
yep ..I got it from redbox ..but you can find it online too
also i think its still on netflix
awesome ..thank you so much for catching me upto this
What's your favorite 'Lord of the Rings' movie?
Oh, that's a really tough question.  I love them all.
I think mine is 'The Fellowship of the Ring.'
I guess if I have to pick, I'd go with 'Two Towers.'
It's tough because they're all masterpieces.
I agree.  I think I leaned away from picking the third one because it took forever to end.
True, those 5 or 6 endings went way too long.
It really was the perfect fantasy trilogy.  They covered everything they needed it.
It really did hit all the marks.  An amazing plot, journey, characters, drama, action, tension...everything.
No other hero's journey is as epic as Frodo's.
Frodo was obviously important, but Sam was my favorite.  Frodo never would have gotten to Mordor without Sam.
Agreed, though my favorite was Gandalf.
That scene when Gandalf reappears to the Fellowship in the 2nd movie was epic.
That was such a cool scene.
Can't believe the first movie came out in 2001.
It's been that long already?
Yea, it's hard to believe.  And the effects and scale of that movie were so advanced for the time.
Yes, you really felt like you entered Middle Earth while watching.
The Hobbit trilogy was fun too but...
But it can't compare to Lord of the Rings.
I feel like watching Wedding Crashers.
Remind me who is in that again?
Are you serious?
Yes, I'm not sure if I've seen it.
What?  It's one of the best comedies ever made?
Who was in it?
Vince Vaughn, Owen Wilson, Rachel Mcdams, Christopher Walken, Will Ferrell, and Bradley Cooper.
Oh that's right. I remember seeing it when it came out.
You need to watch it again and again.
I don't remember Bradley Cooper being in it.
He wasn't really known yet.
What year did it come out?
I believe it was 2005.
What was his part in the film?
He was the guy Rachel McAdams was going to marry. He was a jerk.
The one who tackled Vince?
Yep. And shot him while they were quail hunting.
Oh that's right. He got sick at dinner.
Yep. They put eye drops in his water.
Oh that's funny. I do have to revisit that film again.
Wanna come over for a movie night?
What sort of movie night?
You know the sort you just pop in a few movies and watch something simple and good
Well it all depends on a few things though
What does it depend on?
Well first off do you got any snacks
Well of course i got some snacks
What sort of snacks
Popcorn and candy what else would you watch a movie with
Okay that checks out
So anything else you need to know my liege?
Well what sort of movies do you have in mind?
Well what sort of genre are you into wanting to watch?
Wait your leaving it up to me?
Well it would easy if i picked would it not
Well i mean i guess you are right
So what will it be
Find me something scary to watch not to much gore though
Well that i can accomplish
Well i will head over then.
Is there anything more jolly than a good Christmas movie?
Not at all, I can watch Christmas movies over and over, no matter the time of the year.
That's the magic of them, everybody loves Christmas, it gives good vibes.
Yup, it doesn't matter when you watch them because everyone is always pining for that holiday cheer.
What's your favorite Christmas movie?
That's a tough one, I want to veer towards the animated classics like Rudolph and Year Without A Santa Claus, but I don't know.
For me it's probably Christmas Vacation, it's hard to beat.
Yeah that one has everything, good family bonding, great comedy, Chevy Chase at his best.
Yeah I can watch it over and over and never get sick of it, I love the TV marathons during the month of December.
Speaking of TV marathon how can we not mention A Christmas Story.
Yeah the undisputed classic.
Even if it's not one's favorite it's probably arugably the best Christmas film ever made.
It's brilliantly acted and written, captures that era so well.
Definitley does, it's such a funny take on the holiday.
Drink your Ovaltine, teaching kids to never expect the best.
One of the best scenes of all time, Ralph's reaction to that is the greatest.
The use of narration in A Christmas Story sends it over the top of greatness for me.
Yeah sometimes narration can ruin a movie, but in this case it gave it perfect comedic sense.
All of this talk has me wanting to go get in the holiday cheer.
Yeah I think I'll watch A Christmas Story tonight.
Did you see the new Liev Schreiber movie?
No, what's it called?
Chuck.
What's it about?
It's about Chuck Wepner, who was a boxer that fought Mohammed Ali.
Oh that sounds exciting. Was it good?
I thought it was great! Schreiber was really great in the role, even though he does not look anything like the real boxer.
It must be difficult for Hollywood to find people that look like other people.
Yeah, that's true.
Is it as good as Rocky?
Definitely not, nothing can compete with Rocky, but it still has a good storyline.
I agree, Rocky is the best boxing movie.
Yes it is!
Who else is in the movie?
Naomi Watts and Elizabeth Moss.
When does it take place?
In the 70s when the fight happened.
It sounds like a good movie, I might have to check it out.
You should and tell me if you like it or not.
I will!
I saw the new Amy Schumer movie last night!
Snatched? Oh how was it? I'm dying to see it!
It was hysterical! I can't wait to see it again!
Was it better than Trainwrecked?
It didn't have as much gross humor as Trainwrecked - though it did have some! But otherwise it was a lot better.
Yeah Trainwrecked got really boring toward the end when she fell in love with the ugly doctor.
I know! Why did they pick him, of all people, to be her love interest?
Probably because her first love interest in the movie was John Cena, and they needed someone completely unattractive and weak by comparison.
That's probably true. Anyway this movie takes place mostly in Nicaragua!
Wow, that sounds interesting. Do they get mixed up with a drug cartel or something?
No, they get kidnapped and held for ransom. Amy and her mother, who is played by Goldie Hawn.
That must be hilarious! Do they trek through the jungle and stuff?
Yeah, and they both get filthier and filthier as the movie goes on.
I want to see it more than ever now!
We should go this weekend and see it, I was planning to watch it again anyway.
Okay, let's go! Are there any handsome guys in the movie?
Only one, one of the guys who is involved with the kidnappers is really gorgeous.
Nice! Better than John Cena?
Much better looking. Not as grossly muscular with long dark hair and eyes.
Sounds lovely.
My sister and I never agreed on movies. She liked Disney, I like Depp, except in Disney.
Did she drag you to those pirate movies?
Yes. That's how I know I didn't like Depp in them.
I bet she liked Lord of the Rings, too.
Yes. Everything magical, anything elfin.
So Harry Potter, stuff like that.
I've seen all the Potter movies. That's sisterly love--of course it's better than wrestling.
I don't think there are wrestling movies.
At least not yet. God forbid, but you know, we both liked Edward Scissorhands.
Oh, I liked that one too. A good old movie.
Yes. Depp's really acting in that, not posing.
And Winona Ryder was excellent too. We saw her change from frowsy slug to Edward's idea of her.
Exactly. That's a truly magical movie.
It made me cry.
Oh, me too. At the end there--movies almost never make me cry.
You don't want to be manipulated, right?
Oh, I don't know. A film's supposed to move you. Thing is, it made my sister cry too.
You cried together. A good thing.
Yeah. It's a sweet memory of her.
So sorry, still.
Do you like movies based on books?
No, they are all horrible
They only one I thought was okay was Beautiful creatures, but it was still nowhere as good.
Fifty shades of gray was awful too
It was, it definitely was not what I was expecting.
I dont think it was what anyone was expecting
Me either
What about the hunger games?
Those ones were horribly terrible
No, they are watchable without cringing
Did you read or watch beastly?
No were they good?
Yea, I thought they were okay.
What are they about?
They are kind of like a modern day Beauty and the Beast
That sounds interesting
They were, it was a great spin
I'll have to check them out
You should
I will
Afternoon.
Hello.
How are you?
Doing great, you?
Yeah not bad.
Good.
We're supposed to talk about movies?
Yep that's right.
Okay.  What is your favorite movie would you say?
Oh, tough question.
Yeah sorry.
No worries, I would probably have to say Titanic.
Oh okay.
What about you?
Of all time?
Sure.
Ok.  I would say Citizen Kane.
Never saw that.
You should it's great.
Okay.
Did you see the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Yeah, I took my kids to see it.
What did you think?
Emma Watson was better than I expected. Dan Stevens was great. And of course Audra McDonald was amazing.
Did the kids like it?
You could say so. My daughter's been listening to the soundtrack nonstop ever since.
Did your son like it?
Yeah, although he was a little too fond of Gaston for my taste!
You didn't like Gaston?
Oh, the actor was great, but he's not exactly an admirable character, you know?
That's definitely true.
But we had a nice chat about how he made fun of Belle for reading and being smart.
Teachable moment, eh?
Of course! There's always a few.
I saw it on opening night, but I wouldn't mind seeing it again.
Me neither.
I want to hear the Beast's new song.
I liked that one, but I wonder why they changed it from the original.
It wasn't really all that different, was it?
I didn't think so. But I still liked it.
Wanna talk about movies
I love movies
Great
What kind do you like
I like action movies
Me too, action and comedy
Do you have a favorite movie?
I love thor
Those were good, I like the hulk better
That one was pretty good, but definitely not my favorite
I also like romance movies
Like the notebook?
Love the notebook
I like hope floats
Me too, I wish they would come out with a second
A hope floats 2 would be amazing
I dont know why they never did that
Me either
It sounds like a great idea
It really does
Do you want to talk about movies?
Sure, movies are great.
Do you have a favorite movie?
I really like the x-men series
Those movies are great, one of my favorites too
Do you have a favorite in the series?
Probably wolverine.  You?
The first one, first class. Where you're introduced to everyone
I like wolverine because they bring him back and finally tell his story.
Yea, that one was pretty good too.
Do you have a favorite charater?
Probably xavier, it's so hard to pick though.
Yea, I always liked jean, and she has so much power.
She does, I don't know why she doesnt use it in the later movies.
I dont know either, I definitely Italy think she's more powerful than xavier
Yes she definitely is, she saved him in the first apocalypse
She did, she was amazing in that one
That is a great movie, that might be my favorite
It's hard to pick.
I know
Do you like Dirty Dancing?
The act of dirty dancing or the movie?
Haha! The movie.
Yes, I love it! It's one of my favorites.
Did you know they made a television remake of it?
Get out of here! Are you serious?
Yes, it was on last night and everyone hated it.
Why on earth would they remake that film? Especially a tv remake?
I don't know, but it was bad!
Who played the leads?
Abigail Breslin played Baby and the guy from Pink's Try video played Johnny.
Oh he's cute! Abigail Breslin??
Yeah, I adore her,, but this was not the role for her.
I can't imagine her in that part. How was Johnny?
He danced well, bit he was no Patrick Swayze and the changes to the film didn't help.
I can't decide if I should watch it or not.
It kind of made me angry to be honest, but maybe you should watch for yourself.
Was it the same plot line?
Well they butchered the ending, but a lot was the same.
Oh no! I loved the original ending.
Have you seen Sing Street yet?
Not yet, I know you've been recommending it to me for months.
You have actually betrayed me by giving me that answer.
I just haven't had the time I promise.
For Sing Street you make the time, it's a perfect film.
See though when you hype it like that I'm unsure.
Trust me, perfect soundtrack, great unknown cast, all musicians.
So the actors play their instruments?
Yes John Carney wanted to make it as authentic as possible.
That's admirable, some music movies are lame when you know they aren't actually playing.
Exactly, that's what makes Sing Street so relatable and easy to enjoy.
So everything else is bad?
Don't be like that, the acting, especially Jack Reynor's character is incredible.
I'll watch it soon I promise, what's it on?
You can catch it on Netflix now, I've watched it like six times since it was added.
That's a lot, it's hard to believe it's that good.
It's just an infectiously good movie, great vibes.
Will I like it if I don't like 80s music?
I think so, taste in music doesn't defeat a beautiful coming of age story.
You have a point, I'll watch it tonight.
I just watched Enemy of the State again.
Yeah? Which one was that.
It was about how the government can monitor and track anyone.
Scarry stuff, especially these days.
Do you know the movie I'm talking about?
I don't think I've seen it....
I'm sure you have.
Who's in it.
Will Smith and Gene Hackman.
I have seen that. I love those actors.
I know. They're both so good.
Where you get it.
It's out on Netflix
Cool. I'm going to have to watch that again.
I'd reccomend it!
Don't see much of Hackman these days.
I know. Sad.
He must be getting up there in age.
Yeah, 70's probably.
That never stopped George Burns!
Did you see The Weight of Water?
No I have not.  Any good?
Yes, it's not a bad movie.
Is it based on a book?
It's based on an Anita Shreve novel.  Ever read her?
Yes.  Who is in the movie?
Sean Penn, Elizabeth Hurley.
Nice.  Any sex scenes?
Hurley does a nude scene, but no sex.
Anything else?
Sean Penn kisses Carolyn McCormick, but they don't have sex.
Too bad.  What is it about?
A writer and his wife go on his brother's boat for a vacation.  The writer flirts with the brother's girlfriend.
Cool.  Anything else?
There's a whole other plot based on a murder in the past.
Sort of like Possession?
Yes, pretty much like that, with flashbacks to the past.
Who was in the past?
A very cool young actress named Sarah Polley playing a murderess.
Sounds neat.  I might see it.
Have you seen Tin Cup?
I have. It's a classic golf movie
It sure is. What's your favorite part?
My favorite part is the end when Kevin Costner is down to one golf ball and needs to hit an incredible shot.
He put on a pretty good show for the fans. I'm surprised he made it
you had to expect he was going to put that last ball on the green. It's hollywood!
that's true. I kind of thought he would make it on the first shot and win the tournament
I did too, but as soon as that didn't happen I thought he might hit a bunch in the water!
I have watched that movie so many times it's one of favorites.
Mine too. I watch it about once a month or whenever the wife is out of town.
who was the female actress in that movie?  I can never remember her name.
I think it's Susan Sarandon?
that sounds right.
She's fairly attractive in the movie.
Yes she is. I don't know if she helped shooter out or hurt him in the long run.
I think she helped in with the psychology of the game, but hurts him with the love interest.
I would agree.
I wonder what kind of golfer Shooter would have been if she wasn't in the picture.
I guess we'll never know.
I guess you're right!
Who played in the movie Precious?
Gabrielle Sinebee
Wasn't Maria Carey in the movie Precious?
Yes Maria Carey was in the movie Precious.
What role did the comedienne Monique play in the movie Precious?
She played Precious's mother.
What movies has Lee Daniels produced?
Lee Daniels directed Precious and The Butler.
Was Oprah Winfrey in the movie The Butler?
Yes so was Cuba Gooding.
What movie did Denzel Washington and Viola Davis star in?
Fences!
Has Denzel Washington ever won an Oscar award?
Yes Denzel won an Oscar for the film Training Day.
Didn't  Denzel Washington win an Oscar for the movie "Glory."
Yes and he's had many nominations.
Has Samuel L Jackson ever won an Oscar award.
No, but he's been nominated for many of his different roles.
What was an early movie the actor who is the voice of Darth Vader played in?
James Earl Jones is the voce of Darth Vader and one early movie he starred in was "Claudine."
Have you seen any of the Austin Power movies?
Oh yes, hasn't everybody?
I can't stand that character.
Who, Austin Powers?
Yes. He just annoys me.
Did you watch all of the movies?
Yes, my husband loves them.
Why do you watch them?
Well I do like a lot of the other characters.
Yes, I like Dr. Evil.
He is good and his mini-me.
Seth Greene plays his son, right?
I think that's who it is. I'm not good with actors names.
Fat Bastard is one of my favorite characters from the movies.
Yeah, he is great. He has so many funny lines.
Mike Meyers does a good job being so many people.
I don't know how he could keep track of the voices. Like I would be dressed as one and speak like another.
I guess he is used to it from playing so many.
I just don't get why Austin Powers is the main character. He is annoying.
I guess he is, I don't like the way he talks either.
What is your favorite Movie?
That's a hard decision. Probably, Ghostbusters.
The new Ghostbusters from a few months ago?
No, the original one form the 1980s with Bill Murray. It is a classic.
I haven't seen it. Who else is in it?
It has lots of people. Annie Potts, Sigourney Weaver, Dan Akroyd, and Ernie Hudson to name a few.
Wow, that sounds like a who's who of 80's stars. Is it all comedy or is it scary, too?
It's pretty much a farce, but it's amazing. I have seen it over 20 times. I can quote most of it.
Wow, I don't think I have seen any movie 20 times. I saw the latest Star Wars 5 times, though.
You mean Rouge One?
No, the last one with a new trilogy. The Force Awakens.
I saw that one twice. It made me feel like a child again. It was like watching the first trilogy.
Maybe that's why you like Ghostbuster's so much.
What do you mean?
I mean like nostalgia from your childhood.
Maybe, but I don't think so. Ghostbuster's just makes me laugh.
Even after seeing it 20 times.
Yes. The delivery is so perfect it still sounds like the jokes are made up on the spot. I am telling you it is a classic.
Maybe I will stream it this weekend.
You should, I think you would really enjoy it.
How do you prefer to watch movies?
By myself I guess.
I mean do you like going to the theater?
Not really, I stream alot.
From your cable box?
Yeah or from Netflix.
So you dont like seeing new releases?
I dont mind going once in a while but the cost is too much.
I dont blame you sometimes you can spend almost $100.
Yeah so I can wait a couple months for it to come On Demand.
Some of the movies they offer on demand are old
Normally the premium channels can get some good ones
Do you like HBO to watch movies?
No I like Showtime to be honest.
I think HBO has some good programming.
Yeah but their movie selection lacks most times.
I dont like the fee Comcast charges to watch movies
Yeah its part of the process though.
I guess Hollywood is never going to go the streaming route.
They will in a couple of years.
Have you seen LaLa Land?
I did see LaLa Land!
Did you enjoy it? I know a lot of people were saying negative things during and after the Oscars. It was crazy.
I agree, that was pretty crazy. Yes, I did enjoy LaLa Land. I liked Moonlight too, though, and I'm glad it won at the Oscars.
Yeah, I thought Moonlight was a really good movie, too.
What was your favorite part of LaLa Land?
I really liked the opening scene, actually!
I thought the opening scene was great, too.
Yeah, it really reminded me of scenes in, some of the Broadway musicals I've seen.
I can definitely see that! I thought it was very theatrical, as well, though.
It was very theatrical, I agree. Are there any other movies you've seen in the last year that you thought were good?
Actually, I recently saw Colossal and I thought that movie was good.
I think I've heard of that movie but I can't remember what it's about.
It is basically about a girl who finds out that she is accidentally controlling this godzilla-type monster that keeps attacking Korea.
Wow, that sounds really funny and interesting, maybe a little weird. Who is in that movie again?
Anne Hathaway plays the main character in the movie.
I love Anne Hathaway!
I really like her too.
Jason Sudeikis was also in colossal.
I love him too! He is so funny!
Are you a Star Wars fan?
What is that?
It is a series of adventure movies
Never watched a single one of them.
You have no idea what you are missing.
What is the movie about?
Mostly space battles as the name suggests
That sounds fun. I will check it out
There are very many episodes, hope you have the time.
Speaking of time, have you seen the movie Justin Time?
The one with Justin Timberlake?
Exactly.
I love the wordplay in the title
It is a nice pun.
What do you make of Timberlake's acting there?
Hard to judge. In any case, he only lends his voice to the character.
The looks to are quite similar.
Yes the charater was modeled from Justin's looks.
It was a plot to sweep us off our feet.
It worked quite well. He is adorable.
I want to see the movie WarCraft, did you see it?
No, I never heard of it.
It's an action fantasy film based on a game.
You mean like a video game.
Yeah for the computer.
Have you played the game?
No, but my son has been for years.
Did he see the movie?
Yes, he said it was great.
Who is in it?
Not sure of all the actors but I know the one guy is in the History Channel show Vikings.
He want s to watch it when we rent the DVD with us again.
I just hope it's not very long.
Did you search the movie.
No I will have to search the movie .
It wall probably be about two hours.
Yea most new ones are.
Is it about a war between monsters or robots?
Well fantasy type creatures I think and humans.
I will definitely have to look it up.
I wonder when they will make a John Wick 3?
Oh yeah, that was a great movie. I like both the John Wick films.
I do as well, don't you think they set it up for there to be a third movie?
For sure they did, now he has the whole world after him since he crossed the continental owner.
I think it is amazing how good the fight choreography and gun play is in those movies.
I agree, I think it has the best shoot outs out of any other movie.
Right? Every shoot out lasts for a really long time and every moment is heart pounding action.
I can't imagine how creative you would have to be to come up with those scenes.
How about how hard it would be just to learn and perform all those fight scenes for the actors?
That's an extraordinary amount of work to make them look as real and convincing as they do.
The sequences just go on for so long I don't get how its even possible to hold so much choreography in your memory and make it look good.
I think the third one is going to be even more epic, they are great at stepping up the action for the next movie.
I didn't think you even could top the fighting and shooting in John Wick but somehow the second one did.
It almost reminds me of like a kung fu style movie like Jackie Chan would make.
Why is that?
Well its obviously not the same type of movie but it seems that it really takes from the fighting style and cinematic feel of the fight scenes in Jackie Chan movies.
Ah OK. I can see that, the old school martial arts movies definitely paved the way for this genre and type of film that John Wick is.
I'm surprised we don't see as many mainstream fight films with the same style John Wick has.
I think they are out there, its just that none have reached the success or notoriety as John Wick.
I think Keanu Reeves is a big reason for that, he is a huge star and has a lot of fans due to films like The Matrix.
You never did mind spoilers, right? Mind if I throw out some spoilers now?
It sounds like that idea has been buzzing around in your head for awhile. I know if I don't let you get it out of your system now, you will practically tell me the whole movie later.
Okay, so Kurt Russel doesn't really get to accomplish his goal in the movie. I felt cheated.
Doesn't something like that make the movie more interesting? Did he have to figure out some other way to accomplish his goal or something close to it?
No, he did not anyway.
Did he die?
Yes, he died partway through the film, sorry for the spoiler.
You're not sorry. How did he die?
I am not going to tell you that part, but I will say that his companions carried on in his stead.
So there was some sort of positive conclusion to the affair?
No, I don't think there was. I think that the ending, and all of the exchanges just became a vehicle for Tarantino's usual blood lust.
Let me guess. Everyone died in some horrific way, yet the plot was able to keep moving on in spite of pivotal characters dying?
Yeah, but unlike some of his other films, things still made sense, but it felt lackluster compared to the types of showdowns you tend to see in other westerns.
It just sounds like another sort of western to me, kind of like 3:10 to Yuma, the original.
No, Tarantino knew what he was doing. He even had Leigh describe the epic fight scene that everyone was waiting for. You knew it had to come down to that.
I don't think you watch enough westerns. Not all of them have epic showdowns. Some are just a quick bullet to the head.
They set the tone in this movie though- they knew there was supposed to be a big shootout- instead they showed us a massacre.
See, I want to see it now so that I can make some fair comparisons. I think you're exaggerating the issue.
Fine, what day are you free?
I can go see it with you next Wednesday.
Sorry we got cut off at last week's lunch movie discussion.
Well, I did think it was rude that you answered your cell phone before I could finish my thought.
Well, we were talking about blockbusters which makes me think of action films and computer generated effects.
Yes, so many films are like that these days.
But another type of film so prevalent these days, animated--you said you don't seek those out either.
Yes, I've been burned a couple times planning to go to a movie featuring one of my favorite actors, only to find that they are just doing voiceover for an animated character.
But haven't you liked some of those movies--come on give me a few.
O.K., but most are probably a few years old, but don't worry I won't bring up Steamboat Willy.
What, oh yeah, early Disney; all right, go on.
Toy Story, Tangled, Up,Up and Away, those ogre ones.
Shrek?
Yes--that's all I can think of--oh I did see some other Disney ones--Little Mermaid and that ice one.
Frozen.  Well what about the new version of Beauty and The Beast?
I actually did see that.
And?
Pretty good, because I liked that it had real people along with the animation.
Big Emma Watson fan are you?
Actually I've only seen one or two Harry Potter films, but she's all right.
O.K., you've missed so many animated films, but next time let's talk about a good recent movie.
All right, if I don't get out of the house, I'll see what Netflix has to offer.
What is your favorite Johnny Depp movie?
He's been in a lot of great movies, but I'd probably have to go with Edward Scissorhands.
Yeah, Edward Scissorhands is definitely one of his most iconic roles. It's so hard to choose a favorite though!
He has quite a body of work behind him. I like a lot of the movies he's done with Tim Burton.
Those two make a pretty great team. Sweeney Todd is another favorite of mine.
I'm not usually much for musicals, but I've got to say that was one of the better ones that I've seen.
I never knew that Johnny Depp can sing like that!
I know, is there anything that guy can't do? I didn't care much for his interpretation of Willy Wonka though.
Yeah, me either, I don't think that they should have touched that movie, Gene Wilder is the definitive Willy Wonka in my opinion.
Definitely. I could have done without those Alice in Wonderland movies that Burton made too.
Yeah, again, there are some movies that are just untouchable in my opinion.
That's true. I wonder how the new Pirates of the Caribbean will be.
I kind of stopped watching after the first two, but maybe I'll check it out, though I'm figuring it's kind of going to be more of the same.
Probably so. Have you seen him in Crybaby?
Oh yeah, I love that movie, it's so offbeat!
It's definitely a cult classic.
Johnny's definitely got a lot more eccentric in his later years, but I'm always interested to see what his upcoming projects are, though he's definitely had his fair share of misses as of late.
Yeah, like that Lone Ranger movie, that was just a bad idea all around.
Yeah, I agree, I'm not sure what the filmmakers were thinking on that one.
I guess they can't all be winners!
I just saw Boss Baby.
How was it?
Not very good at all.  My kids were disappointed.
Why was it so bad?
It just felt like the script was so workshopped and had so many overdone pop culture references.
I don't like when they do that. Who was in the movie?
It starred Alec Baldwin, who played the baby.
Wow I'm surprised. Usually his movies are great.
Yeah I was surprised too.
Isn't Lisa Kudrow in it?
Yeah, she played Baldwin's mom.
Was there anything good about the movie?
Well, it was silly and did not really teach any lessons, which my kids loved, but I like when there's a greater message.
I can understand that, especially because you want your kids to learn something.
Exactly, but I suppose not everything can teach our kids.
My kids were asking to see it, but I guess I won't take them now.
You can take them, they will probably enjoy it; it's just a little rough for parents.
I'll ask if them if they want to go this weekend.
Let me know what they think.
I will!
Why was Samuel L. Jackson in the new Kong movie?
I don't know.  Maybe because he's Samuel L. Jackson!
He is in almost every movie.
Like Snakes on a Plane.
And, Unbreakable.
Oh yeah.  He played Mr.  Glass!
That was a great movie.
Bruce Willis was awesome in that movie.
He was an interesting take on a super hero.
His weakness was swimming pools!!
Well, large bodies of water in general.
That's a terrible weakness.
It is.
At least he was really strong and never got sick.
But, he can never go swimming.
Well, maybe he can go swimming just as long as he can stand up in the water.
Good point.
He must have been able to take a bath.
That's true.
Yup.  They should make a sequel about it.
Did you see Leonardo DiCaprio's newest movie?
You mean, The Revenant?
Yes, the one he won an Oscar for?
He was amazing in The Revenant. So was Tom Hardy.
Did Tom Hardy play Bane in one of the Batman movies?
Yes, he played Bane in The Dark Knight Rises.
Who else played Batman in the film?
Christian Bale played Batman. It was the third time he played the character.
When did the first Dark Knight movie come out?
The first movie was called Batman Begins and it came out in 2005.
Who played Batman's love interest in Batman Begins?
Katie Holmes was Rachel Dawes, Batman's love interest.
Did Katie Holmes reprise the role in The Dark Knight?
No, Maggie Gyllenhall took over the role.
Doesn't Rachel's character die in The Dark Knight?
Yes, The Joker kills her.
Didn't Heath Ledger play The Joker in The Dark Knight?
Yes, Heath Ledger played The Joker. But Paul Bettany was one of the actors originally considered for the role.
Didn't Paul Bettany star in another superhero movie?
Yes, he does the voice of J.A.R.V.I.S in the Iron Man movies.
I'm looking for a good musical to watch. Any suggestions?
Have you seen Mamma Mia?
No, I haven't. Any good?
Oh yeah, it's one of my favorites!
Who is in it?
Meryl Streep, Pierce Brosnan, Amanda Seyfried, Christine Baranski...
That's an interesting cast. What's it about?
Amanda is getting married and wants her dad at her wedding, but doesn't know who he is.
Is it a drama?
No, not really. It's silly and fun with really good music.
What else is involved?
Well she invite three potential men to the wedding without her mothers knowledge to see of she can figure out which is her father.
Cool. And is Meryl the mother then?
Yes. And all the music is from ABBA.
I like ABBA a lot.
You will love this film then. Everyone is so good.
Can they all sing?
Surprisingly, yes! Some better than others, but all are good.
I think I will rent it then, thank you!
No problem. Enjoy!
Hi.
Hey.
Do you like Lady Gaga.
Yeah she's okay.
Just okay?
Yeah not a huge fan or anything?
Why not?
Just not my type of music.  I think she's talented it's just not for me.
I understand.
Yep.
Do you know when Lady Gaga was born?
Yep, she was born in 1986
where is she from?
I believe she is from New york city
What song do you just love that she did?
I really like Bad romance, it was so telling and one of her earlier songs Just Dance
Will you ever go see her in concert?
Absolutely, i would love to see an acoustic set
Did you see her ever as an actress?
Yes, she was on one of my favorite shows American Horror Story and she did an awesome believable job
What do you think about Lady Gaga's music
well, her music style varies along with the advancement of her ages
yea, you spotted a pattern?
yea kinda of, before Gaga was married, her songs were more wild and energetic, such as Paparazzi and Poker face.
I heard those 2 songs have broken quite some records
yes indeed, and I personally like them very much
I heard them quite often back then as well, but have you seen the music of video of Paparazzi?
no, I can only imagine it was wild
wild indeed, Gaga put herself in quite a show, the video involves around her secret relationship with a man
could it be reflecting her real life?
Would you go to see lady Gaga live?
Absolutely I would.
Based on her SUPERBOWL performance it would be some show.
Isn't that the truth.
How about starting the show with god bless America.
No one saw that coming.
Then swinging down from the roof the stadium was incredible.
I couldn't believe what I was watching
Then to sing this land is your land continued to amaze me
She surprised a lot of people
Who is your favorite music artist?
I really like Lady Gaga.
Yes! She is very unique.
I have to agree.  She always gets people talking.
What is your favorite song by her?
I really enjoy listening to "Bad Romance."
Me too.  It makes me just want to sing along and turn the volume up.
I like to turn the volume up on her songs especially in the car.
How about when she went to the award show in the egg thing?
I remember that! It was very interesting.
So Lady Gaga is a great pianist.
She does seem to have many talents.
I like her singing too but only sometimes.
What do you mean?
Sometimes she has a more manly voice. It's deeper.
Oh, I see. Yes, that is true.
Like the voice she uses on Poker Face is deeper.
Right, and she sings better on You and I.
Yes, exactly.
I prefer the You and I voice.
What is your favorite song from Lady Gaga?
I love Bad Romance
Do you like Just Dance and Paparazzi?
Yes, those are good too.
What is your favorite album?
I love the one called The Fame
What is that one?
That is her debut album
Is it very good?
It was nominated for a Grammy.
I love lady gaga
Me too
Shes great
Did you know shes from new York
No
I thought she was california til i just looked it up
Me too
She doesnt seem like a new yorker
Not at all
Nice talking to you
what do you think about artpop?
i love it
really? i dont think the critics liked it that much
who cares what they think?
that is true. everybody has their opinions.
i loved dope and do what you want
do what you want was so weird....especially because it featured r kelly.
yeah, not a great choice considering his record.
but it still made for a catchy song.
it sure did
When did lady Gaga burst onto the scene?
Believe it was around 2009.
Her first album had a lot of hits on it
Yes,paparazzi,and Love game.
Right,and how about poker face.
Oh yea,that was big too.
She had a big tour promotiing The fame.
It was a huge tour.
She has endured a lot in her young life
Yes she has
What album was wish you were here from.
It's a lady Gaga song.
Yes it is.
It's off of red and blue I think.
Right,only like five songs on it.
Yea,not a lot.
Something crazy and no floods were on it.
Yes you're right.
I think it was put out in 2006.
I didn't realize it's that old
Lady Gaga was on Saturday Night Live last night. Did you see it?
Yes, and I loved it.
I know! A-yo is so fun and catchy!
Yeah! But it has a more stripped-down feel to it.
I heard the new album was going to be like that.
I loved the second one, Million Reasons.
I know. The lyrics just really resonated with me.
Me too. It perfectly captured the feelings I had when I went through my last breakup.
Her songwriting is so raw like that.
I can't wait to hear the whole album.
Lady Gaga's music videos are such art.
I know, it's crazy how she can come up with these ideas.
No one does it like her.
The video for Paparazzi was pure perfection.
I loved the stuff she did with Beyonce.
Yes!  Video Phone and Telephone were legendary videos!
We're going to look back on all of her stuff and compare her to Micheal Jackson.  She's that great!
She's way better than Madonna, that's for sure.
And Mariah Carey.  Gaga is in a league of her own.
I'm forever a fan.
Did you like Lady Gaga's first album?
Is that the one with Just Dance?
Yes, it is.
I absolutely love that album.  I can listen to it all the way through.
I am the same way!
I can pretty much listen to everything she puts out.
Some songs are definitely misses with me.  But for the most part, they are all great.
I think she's the greatest singer of our generation.
Oh definitely!  Beyonce is great, too.
But she's no Gaga!
Do you like Lady Gaga?
I love Lady Gaga! What's your favorite song?
Definitely "Just Dance." What's yours?
I'd say "Poker Face."
I like her older stuff.
Yeah, me too.
Have you ever seen her in concert?
No, but I'd like to!
So would I. I really like her style. I bet it would be a great show.
Totally! For sure.
Have you heard Lady Gaga's latest? I can't get enough.
I can't say that I have, sport. Tell me all about it.
It's called "Boys, Boys, Boys" and it's the best. I'll sing it if you want.
I have to be honest, I have no idea who she is. Is she that girl who wore the meat dress?
Oh yes, exactly. And my second favorite is "Disco Heaven" and my third favorite is "Don't Speak" but I think that might be someone else.
Hmmm. I'll wiki it. You are correct, it is someone else. Hey, you're a little late; those were released like 9 years ago.
But I just bought them today so they're new to me.
Can't argue with that logic. So something like "The Cure" from this year isn't new?
I haven't bought it yet. All me all the time, that's how I live.
I fear for the future.
Are there any Lady Gaga songs you totally hate?
I like some but I do not like 'Born This Way' or 'Poker Face.' I totally loathe 'Bad Romance.'
Why's that?
Her manly voice n those songs bugs me.
Oh, I see. I actually agree.
I like 'You and I' because her voice is better on that one.
It is. I agree. She is a good singer when she tries.
She is. I wonder why she doesn't always sing like that.
I'm ot sure because it's better.
Maybe she thinks that makes her sound edgy.
How long have you been a fan of Lady Gaga's music?
A long time, since she first came out.
What's the first song of hers that you heard?
Pokerface.
Do you like her older albums or her new ones?
I love all of them, they're all so different and unique.
What's your favorite song by her?
A-YO
Do you think she's as great as the other singers that are around now?
Definitely.
Are you a Lady Gaga fan?
She has an amazing voice.
I heard her sing live on Howard Stern and it was awesome.
She sounded just as good live as on the radio.  That is very rare
Her sounds like Bad Romance and Poker face were fun.
I really liked paparazzi. I liked to dance to it.
Her newest album has some good songs also.
I heard the song million reasons the other day.  That was pretty good
Have you ever scene her in concert?
No, but some friends of mine have and said it was a great show.
I love Gagas ideals
What you mean
Well they flow into her music
That is nice
Well most artists do not have that
I can see that
Usually it is super ficial
Yeah it is
But with her its legit
I do like that too
What are you listening to?
Lady Gaga. Do you like her music?
Yeah! I love Born This Way.
Oh same! That song is so upbeat.
It also sends such a powerful message.
Most of Lady Gaga's songs send powerful messages. That's why I love her music so much.
I agree. She appeals to so many populations of people.
I love how she is a pop singer but she can also sing classical or rock music.
She has amazing vocals, that's for sure.
Yea, I love her and her music.
What Lady Gaga songs do you like?
I like Perfect Illusion.
Is that from the new album.
Yeah it is. I just heard it and I thought it was great.
I will have to check that out.
I also like You and I.
That is old but still good.
What do you think about Marry the Night.
I always thought that was a good song.
Yeah me too, and it is underrated.
What did you think of the Born This Way video?
You know, I don't really know if I like it.
I loved it! It was crazy to see her dancing that well.
I'll give you that, but I guess I just don't like the song.
Don't tell me you're one of the ones who thinks it sounds like Madonna.
Come on! It totally sounds like Madonna.
Yeah, but Lady GaGa is clearly inspired by Madonna. I don't think that's a bad thing.
I agree, but she should do something new with it.
I think she is.
I think she could do a lot more with all her talent.
what do you like most about lady gaga?
well, it's a very interesting question, first I respect lady gaga
yea?
you know it's tough to stand out from the over-crowded music industry, she made it out on her own, I think that's a powerful message
indeed, she's a tough girl, I admire artists that's trying to spread out good music around the world
yea, aside from the spirit part. I do think her music is very unique, maybe that's what made her famous in the first place
I feel her music lies between being too artistic and being too ruthless like rap music
that's the magic part of it, isn't it.
haha, indeed, I gotta go check out her new music videos on Youtube
for sure, her music videos have always been entertaining.
What is Lady Gaga up to these days?
I know she has a few new songs out but I haven't heard much from her since the Superbowl.
What are some of her new songs?
One is called A Million Reasons, which I think was played during the Superbowl.  And a newer one if called The Cure.
Wonder why it hasn't been as popular.
Probably because there really isn't any controversy surrounding it.
I wish she would go on tour again.  I haven't seen her perform live yet.
I think she is currently on tour, you can check online for dates.
Wonder how much tickets are?
I would pay a ton of money to go see her perform, she is a great at everything.  I am amazed that she can play piano on top of everything else.
Do you listen to lady gaga?
Yes i love her music
She is an inspiration
Shes so independent and free
Yes she is
And her outfits are so crazy
Exactly
But she has a great voice
Yes she does
I love her music
Lady gaga is one of my favorite people to work out to. I love the beat in some of her songs.
What is your favorite song to work out to?
I love to run to a loop of Just Dance and Edge of Glory.
Edge of Glory is very dramatic. I love the changes in it.
I used to love Paparazzi but have grown more fond of some of her other tunes. I think I played it too much.
That can happen when you use the tunes to work out to. Her songs are very motivating for me.
What do you think of her duets with Tony Bennett. I kind of like them.
I do like them. I do not play them as much as her other tunes.
I don't either but they make for good background music if you are having people over for dinner.
I can see that. Her other music is great for a dance party.
Did you hear about the new remake of A Star is Born with Lady Gaga?
I did not know this! She's going to play the rising star?
Yes, with Bradley Cooper as the falling movie star.
They are going to look mighty fine together.
This a country western remake, so we'll see and hear a different Gaga.
I think she'll do great. She's always reinventing herself.
I saw her do A-Yo live on Saturday Night Live. She was fantastic.
I saw it too. It was kind of a rockin' country song, and she did such a great job.
As an actress, she will be using her given name, Stefani Germanotta. That'll be different too.
I hope it's a blockbuster. I can't wait to see it.
what's up
Hey, do you like Lady gaga?
yes i do!!
what's your fav song?
Not sure, I like them all!
Me too!
We should hang and listen to her music
Yes, we should!
My name is Andy, what's yours?
My name is Tamatha
Did you see the first conference game between the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Ottawa Senators?
Yes-I was disappointed that the Penguins did not win.
What do you think the key mistake by the Penguins was during this game?
They were not aggressive enough on defense.
Do you think that the injury to Kris Letang has impacted the Penguins
Yes; they definitely do not have a strong defenseman that can currently play at his level.
Should the Penguins keep Marc Le Fleury in as goalie.
I do.  He has stepped up to the plate.
Did you think that the announcers were unfairly harsh on the Penguins
Yes, I did.  I have seen them play much worse hockey.
What are your feelings about keeping Sydney Crosby as captain?
He can be a leader when he wants to.  His talent definitely merits that he be the captain.
Do you think the Penguins will eventually win the best of seven.
They are certainly capable of it.
Have you noticed that the broadcast of the game seems very jerky?
Yes--almost like you are streaming it.
What is your prediction for the remainder of this series?
Penguins in 6 games
Have you ever been to a live Penguin game?
No--tickets are too expensive and they are always sold out.
This is hard to watch!
Yeah, that goalie's on a long scoreless streak.
They've got all the defensive power. Look at that Havoc!
See that? Yeah, he's plenty of trouble.
Wow, look at our Killam. He slammed that guy right into the  shield.
Good work!
Go, go go. Look. Wohovick avoided the check!
Yeah! Point shot!
And he stopped it.
Next time. Next time. Come on, come on.
Oh no, offsides. He was about to pull the trigger, too.
Yeah, and now they got another one.
That's it. We never even touched them.
The odds did have us as the underdogs.
At least our guys gave them a battle. That stupid manager...
We  tried.
Yeah, somewhat. If they'd just trade a few.
Yeah. I don't know why  I keep coming.
I do love the Shark Tank though. It's got a great bar.
Too bad it's closed. Lets go over to the High Life.
Do the Islanders find a new home for next year?
They better hope so.
Talk about a team in turmoil.
Well they havent been good to their city.
I think New York wants them there.
Yeah but Long Island wont build them a new arena.
They left for Brooklyn and they didnt bat an eye.
Do you think they would ever fold?
No the team is too established to let that happen.
So then what do they do next
Probably go back to the Coliseum.
Oh god they probably dont want that.
Who would?
Looks like you have your tail between your legs.
Well the team is winning.
They missed the playoffs this year.
It was a down year.
They just had a down decade.
More than that.
If they cant keep Tavares, then theyre scrwed. Maybe we see the end.
Did you get a chance to see the Pittsburgh and Ottawa game?
Yeah, It was a crazy game.
I am just really surprised that Pittsburgh didn't win.
Yeah me too.  Especially all the talk around Crosby taking them to the Stanley Cup again.
To be honest I am tired of everyone talking about Pittsburgh going back to the Stanley cup.
Yeah me too.  They are a good team, but I don't think they are good enough to go back or to even win.
Your right, especially the way Nashville is playing.
Nashville has been a total surprise.  There was talk about Pittsburgh, and the Capitals over and over, but Nashville has continuously been overlooked.
I thought that the Blue would have beat Nashville, but boy was I wrong.
Me too, I thought Nashville was going to loose in the first round.
It is amazing how well they played against the Blues.
Yeah, if they make it through this series, they will definitely win the Stanley Cup.
I think so too.  Look how bad Ottawa and Pittsburgh are struggling to just win.
Yeah, neither team look really good.  Pittsburgh's defense has been off the last couple of games.
If Pittsburgh doesn't get their defense in line, they won't make it to the Stanley cup, and if they do, Nashville will destroy them easily.
Yeah, It will be nice to not have to hear about Ovenchkin and Crosby anymore.
It does get tiring hearing those name over and over.  They may be good, but they are not the only players in the NHL.
I agree, and what makes it worse is every sportscaster just talks about them continuously throughout each game, even if neither of those players are playing.
I noticed that too.  It seams they build up and tear down certain players.
I am really hoping Nashville, pulls it off and through a huge kink in their plans of who is the greatest!
Did you see the Game 7 between Pittsburgh and Washington?
Yeah. Pittsburgh eliminates them again.
Last year it was Game 6, this year it goes seven games
Same result. Pittsburgh must have their number.
I am surprised the Pens won. Crosby took a beating in the series.
Yeah. Especially in Game 6.
Washington has too much talent not to win a Stanley Cup.
It just seems they can't win at crunch time.
I am afraid Ovechkin will go down as the best to never win a Cup.
He still has some years left. The Capitals are perrenial playoff favorites every year.
Making the playoffs is one thing. Winning it all is another.
The first step is making the playoffs. They are going to have to build off of that.
Who will the Penguins be playing in the Eastern Conference Finals?
The Ottawa Senators. It starts Saturday night.
Who did the Senators beat to make it to the conference finals?
The New York Rangers. They beat them in six games.
Pittsburgh has a huge task ahead of them to repeat as Stanley Cup Champions
Yes they do. Eric Karlsson and the Senators are no pushovers for sure.
When was the last time that there was a repeat Stanley Cup champion?
The last time it happened was with the Detroit Red Wings in the 1997-1998 season.
Do you think the NHL will contract a team?
I dont think so that would be terrible for the league.
I wouldnt understand how the players get disseminated.
Should put them all through free agency.
Yeah but what about the contracts?
Never thought about that.
I think Carolina may get moved.
No attendance there but the team has been trash.
Should never have moved from Hartford.
Just like the Jets should have never moved to Arizona.
Yeah, thats another team that should head North of the border.
I would be glad to see more Canadian teams. They deserve them.
With the way the sport is going in the NHL? Definitely!
But then you have the value of the American dollar.
True but I think the game needs more fans.
People in the states are becoming disinterested.
The finals doesnt even draw a ton of fans.
Its also during the summer so its tough to compete.
I dont think thats true, football could do it.
Well hockey cannot, its too niche
I can't believe that the Blues got elimated!
Yeah it was yet again, another depressing end to an amazing season.
I so miss the days of the Russian defense!
Oh yeah, back when Hull & Oates were the kings of ice.  Who was your favorite from that time?
Well, you can't bleed blue without CuJo!  Curtis Joseph, best goalie we've ever had!
Shoot, I remember going to the OLD games at the Checker Dome.
Yeah, thats when hockey was the best! Bernie was the man!
My favorite thing about hockey is the fact that you've got basically every sport mixed in to one!
I hear you there!
You've got boxing, wrestling, speed skating, soccer, a twisty kind of football.  There's no better sport!
I've never thought of it that way, you're right!
Have you heard if they're going to pass the measure to update the Savvis Center?
I really dont know, but i sincerely hope so.  We are definitely a hockey town & we need to make sure our boys have a decent home to play in!
So are you keeping up with the playoffs still?
Yeah, a little bit.  I usually watch till the Blues are out.
Too bad we still don't have Sir Stanley's Cup to show off like the major trophies of our other sports teams
So the Pittsburgh Penguins won the series over the Washington Capitals?
Yes, I saw Game Seven the other night.
It seems like Washington just can't get the job done in the playoffs.
Yeah they got knocked out early last year too.
With Ovechkin as their star, it seems like they should do better.
I agree, but maybe they don't have the right chemistry and teamwork.
The Capitals had the best record in the league in the record season this year too.
I know. It's such a waste to have so many wins in the regular season, and then save your bad play for the elimination rounds.
So now the Penguins are in the Conference Finals. Do you think they advance?
Yes, I think their experience and composure get the job done again.
It's amazing that Sidney Crosby is so young, and yet has been to the Stanley Cup so many times.
He truly is a clutch player, and he appears to be a good teammate as well.
Did you see that nasty hit he took that gave him a concussion in the last series?
Yes, it was a nasty-looking check, but he seems to be alright now.
Do you think he'll have any lingering effects or headaches from it?
No, I heard that he passed all the baseline tests and that the medical staff was confident in his health.
So it's on to the next round then for the Penguins. If they get past the Senators, do you think they win it all?
Yeah, they've got to be considered the favorite to win the Cup.
I agree with you. Pittsburgh just has too much firepower to be stopped.
I want some competitive series and game sevens, so I hope that Pittsburgh doesn't dominate too much.
Did you see Bishop's new deal?
Yeah all I saw was he got a NMC
Guy probably demanded it.
Hes been traded too much for me to have faith in him.
Yeah I think the same thing.
Nice to see him finally get a deal though.
Well he does it to himself.
Are you saying hes played poorly?
No, just that he hasnt shown enough.
Hes been a victim of circumstance.
Well in any way, he has a good deal.
I think its a tradeable contract.
True but he cant be.
Oh yeah, do you think he plays it out?
Its all guaranteed and not a 35 plus deal so yeah.
Can he be elite.
I think its passed that, but he should be good for awhile.
He doesnt have the tread on his tires for his age.
Hes finally been handed the keys.
Usually that helps goalies produce better.
Just watched House of A 1,000 Corpses last night.
That was a great movie.
Yes,those characters in that were just so odd and unlikeable.
Especially the daughter with the blonde hair.
I couldn't stand her character. That annoying laugh.
Did you like Captain Spaulding?
No, he is just as bad.
I agree. They were all freaky.
It really had a terrifying story to it though.
Yeah, I wouldn't want to be stuck in their home.
Did you ever seen "night of the living dead" ?
Oh, yeah.  That's a classic.
I got scared watching it as a child.
I didn't see it until I was an adult.
I snuck into the living room where my parents were watching it.
It would be pretty scarry for a kid.
It was.  I had nightmares for a long time after that.
Really, was it the zombie's climbing out of their graves like in Thriller?
Exactly, I still don't watch horror movies because of it.
Wow, I can't get enough of them.
I just saw Curandero.
I heard about that.  Any good?
Not bad.  Spanish flick about a Satanic cult.
Who is in the movie?
Carlos Gallardo and Gizeht Galatea.
I heard about her.  She's hot!
Oh yes, and tough too.  She plays a cop.
Neat.  What happens in the end?
The curandero does his job.  He and the cop survive.
I'm glad they make it out alive.
I just watched The Shining made in 1980. Have you seen it before?
Oh, yes I have move than once.
Jack Nicholson is perfect for the part that he played.
I can't imagine anyone else playing that part.
It really scared me the first time I saw it. The acting was so good it seemed real.
I agree, the acting seemed effortless. Great actors in this one.
What about when Jack has typed Red Rum over and over.
That was so creepy. It was great.
Then of course there is the famous ax in the door scene.
That scene is hands down one of the best most iconic scenes in horror history.
You ever watch the movie Scream?
Yeah, and the sequels
Cool, you know the movie has the right of it.
What do you mean?
I mean, that certain things always happen more or less the same way in most horror movies.
For instance?
Oh, like the confindent guy or the guy that doesn't believe in the kiler or monster is either the first or next to be killed.
Yeah, and if there is a basement or an attic, that's were the first victim gets it.
Also, the guy or gal who says " I'll be right back", is always the next to die, mutat, or get zombified.
True, plus anybody who has sex is fair game for the chopping blow.
We decided to watch all of the Nightmare on Elm Street movies this weekend.
Oh wow! Those are scary.
I know they had me scared to go to sleep.
Yeah because Freddy might get you.
Well I didn't want to have a nightmare.
Those movies really make your mind play games.
I saw them when I was younger but really never let them affect me.
I think as we get older we know that more dangerous things happen.
That could be it and our imaginations are more vivid.
Yes and with those movies it is all about imagination.
So I heard you are a horror movie buff.
Yeah I have watched horror movies since I was a kid.
What are some of your favorites?
I like several, but probably Amityville Horror and Stephen King's It.
Is Amityville based on a true story?
Supposed to be.  THere was an actual house and people kept moving out of it.
Are you going to see the remake of IT?
Definitely.  I'm a little nervous though, I hope they don't mess it up.
What do you mean?
Well I am a big fan of the original.  TIm Curry is an excellent Pennywise and I don't really know if they are going to make the new one look different or act different.
Have you seen thirteen ghosts?
Its been a while
Same here
I think i liked it though
From what i remember it ised to be one of my favorites
All i remember is the lawyer getting sliced in half by thkse doors that was one of my favorite parts
Doesnt his eyebals move after his body slides down?
I believe so
It was a little creepy and funny
Yes it was
What's your favorite way to watch horror movies?
Alone, on my computer, in the dark, with digital headphones on.
Sheesh, that's specific. Why?
It's the best possible way!
How so?
It's the best atmosphere: by yourself and the sound really comes through.
I love it in theaters.
Why?
The audience is awesome and it's on a huge screen
That's why I can't: if there are teens there they egg each other on and talk the whole time. Irritating.
I saw The Other today.
How old is that one?
1972.
Who was in it?
Diana Muldaur.
Wasn't it based on a book?
Yes, Tom Tryon's novel.
What happens in the end?
The grandmother tries to kill the evil twin, but fails.
Sounds very chilling.
I just saw Babadook.
I heard about that.  Any good?
Pretty spooky.
Who directed?
Jennifer Kent.
What's it about?
A monster in a book comes alive.
Sounds cool.  How does it end?
The mother keeps the Babadook in her basement!
Cool!
Have you watched saw?
Yes, i havent seen all of them though
Me either
They got kind of dumb after the first couple
I agree with that
But the first one was good
Yes the first one was really interesting
I lost interest after that though
Me too
They seemed to just drag them out
Are you into horror movies?
I always liked the Amittyville movies.
Oh, that stuff was creepy.
Do you know that it was based on a true story?
Based is a tricky word though.  I mean, how much really happened.
I guess.  It still was scary though.
Oh, I'm not debating that.
It was really scary for its time.
What do you think about the remake?
It wasn't as bad as I was dreading.
Did you see the Trailer for Black Panther?
Yup.
Aren't you excited?
Meh.
Meh, why?
Well, no offense, but I can't relate to a superhero from Africa.
I understand, but that does sound bad.
I'm sure I'll like it, but it's like Spider-Man. I just don't care about the character.
You will, The actor and story are great.
We'll see.
Do you like horror movies?
Yeah I do
What is your favorite one?
I dont really have a favorite
I loved Texas Chainsaw Massacre
That was awesome but not the updated ones
Yeah I think the Jessica Biel version wasnt that bad
It wasnt bad it was terrible
Now now, those actors did a great job
Yeah of making sure no  one would remember it.
I just saw The Exorcist in film class.
Wow, how old is that?
1973.
Who was in it?
Ellen Burstyn, Linda Blair, Jason Miller, and Max von Sydow.
Cool.  Was it just as sppoky?
Yes, it really was.
Who directed it?
William Friedkin.
Right. One of the classic horror movies of all time.
Are you a Vincent Price fan?
Yes absolutely. He is great in all of his movies.
Did you see the original House on Haunted Hill?
Yes, it was great.
William Castle directed that movie.
Yeah and he was involved with Rosemary's Baby too.
That is a great movie.
Yeah, Rosemary's Baby might be the best horror movie of all time.
It is definitely up there with The Exorcist and The Shining.
Yes, horror was great in the 70's.
Have you seen The Skeleton Key?
I don't think I have. What is it about?
It's about a nurse who goes to care for an eccentric family and it turns out that there are evil forces at work.
Who plays the nurse?
Kate Hudson plays her. She does a good job.
I usually enjoy Kate Hudson.
Me too. And the setting for the movie is really cool.
Where does it take place?
In the swamps of Louisiana. It adds an eerie feel to everything.
Oh that sounds amazing.
Have you seen The Evil Dead?
The original one or the rebooted version?
The original of course. The new one was good but I don't really count it.
Yes I love Evil Dead but I liked part II better.
Part II was definitely better with the inanimate objects coming to life and taunting Ash.
Oh that was hilarious and frightening at the same time. Is that your favorite scene?
No my favorite scene is when he had to saw off his hand to get the demon out of it.
Oh that was horrifying! I don't know if I could have brought myself to do that!
I know I couldn't have. That was very brave of him.
He put in so much physicality throughout that entire movie. That's why Bruce Campbell is a cult legend to this day.
Hey Linda, you want to go with me to Friday Fright Night down at Jaspers?
What are they playing?  I hope not Scary Movie again.
No, looks like their showing The Exorcist.
Oh.  The new one or the Original.  I haven't seen the new one.
No, it's the old one with Linda Blair.
Uh...sure I'll go.  It's been a while since I've seen that.  Who's in the new one?
I believe that's The Exorcism of Molly Hartley that you're talking about.
Oh.  I thought it was a remake of the original.  Well I'd still like to see it.  It looks scary.
Well then you'll probably want to watch the Haunting of Molly Hartley first I think it comes first.
Ok.  Well lets go get our fill of green soup.
Did you see the Halloween movie marathon AMC had on this weekend?
yes! I saw all he nightmare on elm streets they had on Friday night.
Which one did you see first?
They started with the first film, the one with heather langkencamp!
She is so great, I love when she's taking a bath-
And his claws come up!!
THROUGH THE WATER!!!
THROUGH THE WATER,,,,,
What's your favorite type of horror film?
I like the home invasion thriller.
I thought you liked all those big slasher and ghost films.
Not anymore.
What changed?
I don't like things I can't believe in. Ghosts, spirits, exorcisms, and so forth aren't real. So I can't believe in them.
So why home invasion?
Because I'm now a home owner and it's a legit fear and can happen. It's something I can relate to.
You enjoy thinking about your home being invaded?
No, I just like horror movies and this type strikes close to home.
Hey Bryan, tomorrow is Halloween do you want to have a monster movie marathon?
Sure Mike what movies do you want to watch?
I was thinking maybe we can start with Puppet Master, what would you want to go with next
How about we do the classic Nightmare on Elm Street
God that movie gave me nightmares when I was a kid.  How about we also add "Basketcase"
Don't think I know that one but sounds good to me, any other good scary movies?
Jeeper Creppers is a great monster flick also
Oh yeah I remember that one
I'll get the beer if you want to pick up some popcorn and chips
On my way to the store right now.  See you tomorrow night
Have you seen texas chainsaw massacre?
No ive never watched it
Its really good
I dont want to watch it
Why not?
I dont like horror movies that are based on true stores
Oh i guess i can see that
Yea it just makes it creepy
I understand that
Thanks
Big fan of horror movies?
Depends, I really like the 80s slasher flicks
Which ones?
Halloween and Friday the 13th
Oh yeah, Halloween was freaky.
Yeah, still kind of spooky to watch these days
Michael Meyers was creepy
Yes, especially with that mask.
Yes, All white and brown hair. Very scary looking
Yes indeed.
Hey, have you ever seen the original version of The Exorcist?
The one with Linda Blair?  I saw it some time ago.
I think it's one of the scariest movies ever made.
It really frightened me when I saw it.  It stays with you.
Yes, I didn't want to turn the lights out when I went to bed after watching it.
That scene where Linda Blair's character vomits is so gross!
I have laughed at that part when I've been in the right mood.
I think it's so eerie when she talks in that possessed voice.
Oh, that's one of the more disturbing parts.
I used to do an impression of her voice when I was in college.  People would laugh.
What's your favorite horror movie?
It's hard for me to say actually. How about you?
One of my favorites is Dawn of the Dead.
I absolutely love zombie films. Have you seen Resident Evil?
I seen a few of them but i haven't caught up on the last two films.
The Final Chapter is so worth checking out.
I know the first 3 movies in the franchise were really good.
Yeah, Extinction was probably my favorite of them all.
I would like to see a Resident Evil mash up movie with Evil Dead.
Wow, that actually sounds like a great idea.
What's your favorite horror movie?
That's a tough one as there are so many. I've always been partial to the Shining.
The old one, right? The new one wasn't nearly as good.
Definitely the old one. It deviated from the original a lot, but it was so well made.
Jack Nicholson is truly frightening in that movie.
He does a really good job of showcasing the descent into madness.
Those twins in the hallway were super creepy, too.
Yeah and the naked chick in the tub? So gross.
I wasn't really a fan of the portrayal of Wendy.
She did seem a bit whiny and incapable, didn't she?
Have you ever seen the Blair Witch Project 2?
No, I didn't know there was a second one.
It's actually a scary movie.
Oh, the first one really wasn't scary at all.
This one is more like a movie, not a lost and found footage deal.
What's it about?
A group of young people go into an old house and find a witch.
And they probably all die?
Pretty much, but the music and the atmosphere were dark and scary.
I might have to see it.
What do you want to watch tonight?
Oh I'm in the mood for monster on the loose.
Great I know a great one. Pumpkin Head.
Sounds good, what's it about?
It's about this guy who's son was killed by some out of towners and he summons a demon from hell to avenge his son's death.
Who is in it?
It's the guy that played the cyborg in Aliens, the one that saves Sigourney Weaver and the little girl.
I don't remember his name but I know who you are talking about.
It's a really good movie and there is no CGI at all.
Sounds good, let's see some revenge!
What Stephen King adaptation is your favorite horror movie?
The Green Mile.
Try again, I don't consider that horror, even if it's the genre.
Umm, you go.
I really liked The Mist.
What's that about?
A fog covers a town and huge inter-dimensional spiders invade.
WOAH, nice for arachnaphobists.
The best part is the ending: they kill themselves to not be killed by the spiders but the fog is so thick that they can't see the military help that arrives 30 seconds later.
Dang, that's intense! But thanks for ruining it.
Do you remember the firework scene in Harry Potter Order of the Phoenix?
Yes I do, why?
I was just thinking about fireworks and the part where Fred and George came to mind.
That's such a good part.
Yeah it is especially when they started shooting fireworks everywhere and made Ron, Harry and Hermoine laugh.
Weren't some people scared too?
Yes, Draco, Crabbe and Umbridge I think.
That's right I remember her running in terror.
Yeah that was a funny part, they're just fireworks.
I know right.
Which of the Harry Potter movies is your favorite?
That's a hard decision. For the earlier movies, I like "Prisoner of Azkaban" best.
Me too. How about the later ones?
Well, I like the second installment of "Deathly Hallows" best. It was great to see Voldemort destroyed.
I like that one, but I was sad to lose so many of my favorite characters.
I can understand that. Which of the later movies is your favorite then?
Definitely "Half-Blood Prince". That's where everything started coming together, and Snape was excellent.
You do love Snape, don't you?
Yes, he's definitely my favorite character.
Obviously.
I love when I get a chance to rewatch the Harry Potter movies. Any of them really, but especially when I end up having a Harry Potter marathon and can watch several of them back to back.
Yeah, it's still hard to believe there won't be another one coming out. I got so used to there always being a new Harry Potter to see.
What's your favorite character from the movies?
I love Hagrid and McGonagall. Robbie Coltrane is the perfect Hagrid and I've love Dame Maggie Smith since I watched Peter Pan as a kid.
Same here! I wish McGonagall had as big of a part in the movies as she did in the books because I definitely wanted to see more of Maggie Smith in each movie.
I even fell for some of the actors that played awful characters too; like Helena Bonham Carter playing Bellatrix, I don't know who else could have pulled that role off so perfectly.
Oh yeah, she was fantastic as Bellatrix. Same with Timothy Spall as Wormtail; I loathe the character but he did such an amazing job with it.
I felt the same way about Alan Rickman, I think he got better and better as Snape with each movie.
I did like Rickman and I couldn't imagine anyone else in the part. I didn't really love Snape's storyline, though.
Yeah, I think he's one of those love it or hate it characters. A lot of people jumped into loving him because he died and how he died but I think that kind of misses the whole point of his character.
what do you think about Snape?
he is a bad guy right?
i dont think so.
What do you mean?
he loved Lily Potter and Harry.
i thought he was a Death Eater.
He was a double agent.
i missed that.
its complicated.
I should see it again.
How many Harry Potter movies have you watched?
Five, I think. I haven't watched all of them.
Some are better than others. What would you say is the most memorable thing about all of them?
"Snape Kills Dumbledore."
I agree! Harry Potter has lots of memborable things, but that one tops all!
I particularly like the scenes where he's flying on the broom.
That one. Was that from the first movie?
Yes, I think so.
Which Harry Potter movie is your favorite?
"Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone."
Do you have a favorite Harry Potter character?
Ginny Weasley, definitely.
Really? I didn't feel like she did anything at all in the movies!
Maybe not in the movies, but in the books she's a hilarious character.
I can't picture that at all.
She's also a great Quidditch player, but they don't show her playing Quidditch at all in the movies.
I didn't even know that she played Quidditch!
Absolutely she did! After Hogwarts, she even went on to play Quidditch professionally!
Wow, what position did she play?
Ginny was a Chaser, I believe.
Have you caught up on your Harry Potter movies?
Yes! I finished it all last week.
I'm so glad! What did you think?
I thought it was so awesome.  I cannot believe Sirius Black died!
I know! He was such an influential person to Harry.
It was so sad! I cried!
What about Harry ending up with Ginny?
I totally saw that as a surprise.  I thought he would be with Cho Chang all the way.
Me too! I'm glad though since she is Ron's sister.
She definitely grew up into a beautiful young woman.
So are they making a movie based on the new book
I think they are
I keep up with nothing so i had no idea
Have you not heard the controversy
What controversy
The one of them recasting hermoine
Why is it controversial
Because people prolly want the old actor
But is she not to old to keep going
That is true
Every single time I see the Harry Potter movies, I find something new in them.
I do too, decades in to watching them.
The whole of them are just so full.
I think one of my favorite scenes from the movies is the one where Harry, Ron, Neville and a couple other Gryffindors are sitting in the bunk room eating the different magical sweets
While so much is wrong in their world, they are just being kids.
My favorite thing about Harry Potter in general is just when they're in school and nothing is going wrong. Just magical kids being magical kids.
I love the classes and Quidditch, and all the little magical details of Hogwarts.
The moving staircases. The magical pictures.
The little details that make the place something magical, make me want to go there.
Of course, then there is the troll in the dungeon, makes me rethink wanting to go.
Do you think actor who played Harry Potter looked like what you imagined Harry Potter to look like?
No he didn't to me. I grew to like him but he got kind of weird looking as he got older.
I thought so too. I liked Rupert Grint for Ron but he didn't look anything like Ron from the books.
Yeah, he was supposed to have a long skinny nose and be very lanky. That kid was not that but he fit pretty well.
What about the Weasley twins....not what I expected either.
No, but it was okay. I think they were under utilized as characters in the movie and the books.
I would have liked to see more of them too. They were great characters.
I liked that they were good natured pranksters. Who couldn't like them?
I know, I think they could caused more havoc when the deatheaters took over the school.
Yeah, but remember they were gone by then. Doing the joke shop thing but they came back to join the fray when the time was right.
I re-watched the first Harry Potter movie today!
Oh, fun. Did you like it?
Yeah, Hermione is my favorite. I can't believe I never watched these before!
Me either, but there's no time like now to catch up.
Haha, yeah. Who's your favorite character?
I think Neville was my favorite by the end.
How come?
You'll see, he's kind of like a version of Harry that's more like a regular person. Like if things had gone differently.
Didn't his actor get super hot or something?
Oh, you mean Matthew Lewis? Yeah, he did, that doesn't hurt, but it's not until the last movie.
What did you think of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix?
I liked it.  It was a turn for the more mature part of the story line.
Yeah I agree, it was really cool to see how strong Harry really is too.
I know what you mean.  And to see him as a leader.
He never really thought of himself as a leader, but clearly he is, and he was a good teacher.
I know.  Tough as nails too, he doesn't seem it behind those round glasses, but he's top shelf.
I just hated that lady in pink.  Looking like she was some innocent person but really she was evil.
I know what you mean.  I love how the students were so powerful by the end she couldn't control them.
Yes, it was a good point that force alone cannot take on the wizard world.
Foreshadowing no doubt for the final movie.
I've always wondered why the Dursley's were always so terrible to Harry, any idea?
Well, they never wanted to take him in so there's that.
Yeah, but still, even if you don't want to do it, you don't need to treat him that way.
Well, it always seemed like Dumbledore kind of forced them to keep him.
Yeah, I know.
So, it makes some sense, they are forced to keep someone that represents magic in their house, of course they'll hate him.
So, Harry deserves to be miserable the entire time?
He doesn't deserve it, but where else could he go and be safe
I'm sure a million places, like the Weasleys?
Yeah, he could, but remember the protective spell requires him to go back to the Dursley's house once a summer.
I really enjoy how Ron matures throughout the series
At first he tries a bogus spell on scabbers.
I like when he is late to  Transfiguration and sees Mcgonagall turn from a cat.
Yeah In the first movie him and Harry are pretty mean to Hermione
I like how when they save her from the troll he doesn't rat them out.
He then isn't afraid to help her look to find out who Nicholas Flamel is.
When they're caught in devil snare he reminds Hermione that they can use magic.
He realizes that they have to play chess in order to move on.
He knows that it's harry who has move on so he sacrifices himself
Yeah and he ends up playing one of the best games of wizard chess.
I finally figured out the problem. They treat Snape much more sympathetically in the movies than they do in the books.
Right? I think it's all Alan Rickman's performance, it makes him way more likable.
That and the fact that he's rarely even in the movies all that much, and when he is he's actually kind of funny.
Yeah, him hitting Harry and Ron over the heads with books shouldn't have been as funny as it was.
I just really hate how him cradling Lily's body in the last movie has been over-romantacized.
You're just saying that because there's a crying, bleeding infant in the background.
...Yes, yes that is exactly what I'm saying.
It DID make me cry the first time, I admit, but now I just kind of giggle at it.
Oh my god, did you see that one convention shot with those two cosplayers? They were a couple and they brought their baby, and they placed the baby on the ground while the guy dressed as Snape wailed over the woman dressed as Lily while she pretended to be dead.
I DID NOT SEE THAT AT ALL, YOU NEED TO SEND IT TO ME RIGHT NOW!
Who was your favorite Harry Potter character?
I liked Luna.
She definitely had personality.
I think she was a good role model for young people.
She was always marching to a different beat.
I think that was her strength, though, that she accepted her role in society with poise.
Her upbringing had to be odd, without a mom and with an oddball dad.
I imagine she was happy enough, even if she lived her life mostly in fantasy.
I think Rowling used her to exemplify being true to yourself.
Yes, but I would like to have seen her stand up for herself to the bullies sometimes instead of just accepting it.
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Over the weekend i watch harry potter
Yeah man he's good
It had on the edge of my seat
Everything exspecally when he lock her in the basement for 6 month with no food
It wasn't funny at all just creepy
It was really scary
And creepily
On Saturday i will see something funny
But this movie was not bad
What do you think about Ron in the Harry Potter movies?
I think he's a tool.
No!  He's awesome!  He introduces Harry to the wizarding world.
He is just a patsy who gets dragged into dangerous situations.
But he saves them by playing wizards chess!
That's one instance. He's so unimportant that they can write him out of half of the last movie.
But I miss him when he's gone!
And why would Hermonine MARRY him? She can do so much better.
But they love each other!  It's a timeless love!
It's a trite love.  She'd be better off with a dentist.
Where did all the food come from at the banquets?
I think it was just magic.
No, wait, I remember.  House elves cook it?
No they don't.  I remember Dumbledore just waving his wand and it appearing.
No, no, see, the elves made it, Dumbledore just made it visible.
That doesn't make any sense.  The elves could just bring it up.
But maybe it was easier to just use magic to bring it up vs. the elves doing it physically.
They're house elves, they're used to hard work.
One thing's for sure, I would eat a ton at one of those.
Me too!
I just rewatched the last Harry Potter movie. It was pretty good again.
Really? I've only seen it once.
Yeah, when it first came out I some how missed it. It would have been great to see it at the theater.
That's where I saw it. Those movies need to be seen on the big screen. You can really get sense of all the special effects.
Yeah, I love how they do animals. The dragon scene is amazing. I actually was feeling sympathetic for the CG dragon!
I know! Poor dragon.
It's such a great scene when burst through the roof of Gringots Bank and takes to air with out heros hanging on...
Yeah, that is one of my favorites too. Exactly what I imagined.
I see new details every time.
Me too. There always seems to be some little gem that missed before and it's so great. Love those movies.
I just saw Harry Potter and Goblet of Fire.
Number 4 in the series?
Yes.
Another director from the first three?
Yes, Mike Newell.
Isn't Ralph Fiennes in that movie?
Yes, as Lord Voldemort.
Doesn't Harry like an Asian chick in this?
Cho Chang, played by Katie Leung
She was hot!
What's your favorite Harry Potter book?
I love the Prisoner Of Azaban
Who is your favorite character in that book?
Serious Black
What do you like abour Serious?
I like how he turned out to be the good guy
Yes. Any other characters?
I liked Hermione in this one.
Why is that?
I loved her time changer
I just watched the last two Harry Potter movies.
Oh my gosh! What did you think!?
I was really pleased with it. I'm glad they split it into two parts to cover more, since the book was so long.
Yeah, it's nice now that we can watch them together, but it was awful when part one had come out and part two hadn't yet!
Did you see them in theaters?
I saw part one on opening night, but I saw part two in theaters a few weeks after it came out.
What was it like when Dobby died at the end of part one?
The whole theater was crying! He was such a loved character, and opening night was full of die hard fans.
Man, I wished I hadn't missed that!
It was something!
I like when they go to Hogsmeade
Its so cool that they get to take field trips when they are at hogwarts.
I agree
I feel bad when Harry doesnt have a permission slip so he cant go
Me too
But im glad he finally got to go.
Same here, they shouldnt punish him because his parents died
Exactly
I really like these movies
Me too
Do you know what year the movie "Fast & Furious " came out?
I believe it came out in 2009.  It was right after Tokyo Drift.
I believe this was Paul Walker's best acting performance when speaking of the fast and furious movies.
I agree with you. He was really strong in this movie.
I also think Michelle Rodriquez did well in this movie. She matched well with Vin Diesel.
That is so true. They look like a match made in heaven. They were so into each other.
Did you see the types of cars they use in this movie? I was really feeling the Buick GNX.
It was a nice car but I liked the Nissan Skyline R34 GT-R that  was in the movie.
I'm sure they enjoyed driving those cars. It sure looks like a lot of fun.
Tell me about it. I need all those cars in my life some day.
Do you have a favorite character in the Fast & Furious series?
If I'm being honest, it's just got to be Dom.
Really? Care to explain?
I just find him to be the coolest character is all.
Cool how, though?
His tone of voice, his facial expressions, his fashion, his overall demeanor, it all just screams cool guy to me.
But is there any bigger reasons why?
I think he has a decent amount of depth to his character.
Do you mean emotionally.
Of course. He's more softhearted than most will say he is.
Who is your favorite actor in "2 Fast 2 Furious"?
Well, I like Ludacris who plays Tej because of his smooth acting skills.
Ludacris is cool but I am more interesting in the skills of Tyrese Gibson who plays Roman Pierce.
Tyrese is very smooth in his acting skills and he has been acting for a while now.
I also like the story line the movie. Do you remember what happened to Carter the drug dealer?
Yes, doesn't he get arrested at the end while trying to get away from the cops?
Yes, that is right. He was a very smooth actor as well. What is his real name?
I believe his real name is Cole Hauser. I have seen him like a couple of movies since he played in this one.
Can you imagine having a house like he did in the movie? Such a big house and all the cars he had.
Tell me about it. I will one day be living like him.
Hi.
Hello.
Have you seen any of the fast and furious movies?
Yeah I've seen some.
Have you seen the one that just came out?
No I haven't seen it yet.  Have you?
I plan on going to see it in the theaters.
Oh, I don't think it got very good reviews.
Yeah I saw that but I don't care.
Ok.
What do you think was Roman Pierce's best line in 2 fast 2 furious?
I'm actually torn on that one. If I had to choose then when they were walking away at the end of the movie.
After they took some of the ransom cash.
Yeah, after Brian said "Our pockets ain't empty cuz", then Roman lifts up his shirt and says "and we ain't hungry no more either", and he's got cash stuffed in his pants.
That was a great walkout line, what was your number two.
Well it's not so much what he said but what he did when he said it. It was when they were driving to the final meet.
Let me guess, it was just when he hit the ejector button.
Yes! That was hilarious, he just hit the button and shouts to the guy "ejecto seato cuz!", I was on the floor laughing after that.
Well it is hard narrowing down a Roman Pierce quote.
Well of course it is, he never stops talking or he'd die.
Are you going to catch the new Fast & Furious movie?
Nah. They stopped being good when they stopped being about street racing and turned into cheesy spy flicks
Same. And when Paul Walker died, it kinda made the whole street racing thing seem like a bad idea.
Yeah, it sucks when you get killed trying to do the same dumb stunts in reality as in your movies.
I mean, at least they still got Vin Diesel, but he's gettin' kinda old, ya know?
Same for Jason Statham. they need new movies, not more of the same old stuff.
Did you know Diesel play the voice of a robot?
Wait, seriously?
Yeah, he was the robot in "The Iron Giant."
I can see it now: "*BEEP BEEP* I AM GOING TO DO SOME DRIFTING AND MAKE JASON STATHAM LOOK GOOD."
What's your favorite Fast and Furious movie?
Probably The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift.
What do you like about that one?
It's pretty exotic.  All the neon in downtown Tokyo at night.
Right. Anything else?
The drifting technique.  Kind of fascinating.
They made it look effortless.
But I think it really takes a lot of practice.
And the ensemble was really great in this one.
Plus so much racing on the surface streets. Spectacular!
Do you like that fast and the furious movies?
Not really.
Oh how come?
I just thought it was too predictable for a action movie.
Oh like what do you mean?
Like the explosions and the women crowding around races.
Does that not happen in real life?
Not that I know of.
Oh I had no idea.
Yea. I just didnt like them.
Man, can you believe they've come out with eight Fast & Furious movies?
Hey man, if it works, I don't see why they should stop making them. Fast 7 and the Fate of the Furious both grossed over a billion dollars.
Jeez, don't you think they're kind of milking the franchise? I mean, I can't see them making any more movies without Paul Walker.
Not really, if it's not broken, don't fix it. Anyways, do you happen to have a favorite Fast & Furious movie?
Honestly, I really like the first The Fast and the Furious movie. I have vivid memories of it because my dad took me to see it on my birthday.
Good choice man, but I'd have to say Fast 7 was my favorite movie. I really like the soundtrack too, See You Again is a great song.
Don't you think that song is a little played out? Charlie Puth sounds like generic pop to me.
I think that's a little disrespectful to say man, the song is a real touching tribute to Paul Walker's memory. Brian will forever be immortalized by that song.
No disrespect to Paul Walker, I'm just a little tired of hearing that song everyday on the radio.
I see what you mean, and respect your entitlement to an opinion. If they keep coming out with movies, I'll keep watching them till Fast 70 is out and I'm an 82-year-old grandpa!
Today I am going to watch fast & furious movie.
Oh very good. All fast & furious movies are my favorite.
Many times I have seen all the fast & furious movies.
Which fast & furious movie you are going to watch today?
Fast & furious 7. This is the 5th time I am going to watch.
In that movie, all the actors have done their job very well.
Exactly. When I was watching that movie I was too serious.
Which character do you like the most?
Letty the girl, who is more beautiful in this movie and acted very well.
Overall the movie is just awesome.
Hey man what was your favorite Fast & Furious and why?
I'd have to say it was Fast 5.
Really? How come?
I liked the introduction of Dwayne Johnson's character. It really felt like he was a threat to the group.
Yeah his character was pretty aweosme. He did a great job on it.
In addition to that I really liked they way they paid respects to Paul Walker and his character. It was a real tear jerker in the theaters.
Yeah. I agree. It wasn't my favorite of the series but I'd be lying if I said it wasn't good.
What was your favorite?
I'd say Fast 7 was mine because of Jason Statham's character.
Nice choice.
I saw The Fast and the Furious movie.  The first one.
Cool.  Who directed that?
Rob Cohen.
Who plays the hot girlfriend?
Michelle Rodriguez
She was great in Girlfight.
She was in Avatar, too.
Who is the cop's girlfriend?
Jordana Brewster as Mia.
Wow, she's hot.
Do you like dwane johnson?
Yes, sort of.
Have you seen fast and furious series?
I am not sure if I have seen the whole series.
Okay, so have you seen the one in which dwayne jhonson is there?
I think I have seen one.
Did you like it?
Yes, it was good.
Do you think he used steroids for that role?
I think, I mean I don't thing you can achieve that kind of body naturally.
What's the most outrageous stunt featuring a car in the Fast & the Furious movies?
I would have to say when Paul Walker and Vin Diseal drove the supercar between the Etihad Towers in Abu Dhabi.
I was almost postivie you were going to say the bank vault scene!
What Fast movie was that in? I get them all mixed up now since there are so many.
The bank vault chase was in Fast 5, released in 2011.
Didn't Brian and Dom drag that entire bank vault down the streets of Rio de Janeiro?
Yes that's the scene! I think the craziest car scene was in 2 Fast 2 Furious, the first race when Brain jumped over the draw bridge in his car.
That scene still gives me chills when I watch it. The cinematography makes the viewer feel the adrenaline that the racers are feeling all the way up until the end.
I think you can say that about any of the Fast & the Furious movies. Each film is adrenaline packed to the core.
Oh but what about that tank car chase in Fast & Furious 6? That was the most adrenaline packed scene in the entire series in my opinion.
What was your favorite car in the fast and furious movies?
That's an easy one Dom's car at the end of the first movie.
Do you remember how fast it was?
It's under 10 seconds I think 9 seconds to be exact.
Wasn't it a 1970 Dodge Charger?
Yes, I believe so.
Why is that your favorite?
I love the body style and it's black which is my favorite color.
Those are good reasons, do you like that the motor sticks out from the hood?
I do it give sit character.
How awesome was it when the cars were dropped out of the plane in Furious7?
That was incredible, Rome was the best part though.
Yeah when he was freaking out at the edge of the bay door telling them how he couldn't do it.
Then Tej hits the button for his chute.
It was great hearing him scream the whole way down.
Then he ended up in that tree, I couldn't help but laugh.
How cool would that be to do though?
It would be so much fun, but I'd want to go out face first.
Why would you want to do that?
Cause then I could floor it off the plane and it would force me into a barrel roll. I just think it'd be even more fun.
I just saw Fast & Furious 6.
What did you think?
I thought it was really good!
Me too!  What did you like most about it?
I really liked the set and how amazing it looked against the racing cars.
Yeah that was really cool.  They really outdid themselves with the special effects this time.
I also really liked the addition of Luke Evans and his character.
He really added to the plot being the mastermind of the mercernaries.
Yeah it was crazy. I'm glad you told me to watch it.
You're welcome!
What's your favorite scene out of all the Fast & the Furious movies?
Can't believe you're asking this question, but everyone's favorite scene should be Brian and Dom's first race...
That honestly feels like sooo long ago! Refresh my memory, I haven't watched the orginial movie in years.
Brian's an undercover cop and tries to infiltrate Dom's shop to catch a group of street racer theives. Dom doesn't take kindly to Brian snooping around but Brian challenges Dom to a street race, something Dom cannot turn down.
I remember now! That scene really was epic. It laid the groundwork for all the movies that followed. Crazy.
Dom and Brian aren't close friends yet but the core dynamic of their relationship is established with that one race. Really set the pace for everything.
What did Brian tell Dom at the end of that first race?
Brian shouted, "Dude, I almost had you!" with Dom responding in typical Dom fashion saying, "You almost had me? You never had me. You never had your car! Granny shifting, not double clutching like you should...you’re lucky that hundred shot of NOS didn’t blow the welds on the intake...you almost had me?"
Even with Dom humiliating Brian after that first race he still seems fond of Brian’s competitive energy.
Brian and Dom were like a match made in heaven. All together a great duo.
Have you seen any of the Fast and Furious movies?
I think I have. I liked them.
Do they seem ok for kids?
No probably not.
Ok. My son likes cars and was asking about these movies.
How did he hear about them?
His friend showed him some of one of the movies.
Oh and now he wants to watch the rest?
Yeah exactly.
Well you could pre-screen the first movie and see what you think.
Hey man what is good
Nothing much watching some movies
What movies
The first fast and furious movie
I absolutely love that one
It is the best still to me
I do not like most of the sequels
They were not that bad
Some of them were come on
Not really man
My favorite movie is the fast and the furious 6
That was was pretty good
Yea inloved that one the most
Is so hard to pick for me
It is a hard choice
They are all really good
They are, the whole series was amazing
I havent seen the newest one yet
Me either
I wonder if its good
Which Fast and Furious movie was it that they found out Lettie is alive?
That was Fast Five (Fast and Furious Five).
How did they explain her death?
She was in that car accident in #4 and then she crawled out.  She had amnesia.
Did they explain how Dom had a relationship with that Brazil cop?
They did show them together at the beginning, but it sort of dropped off after that.
I heard in Fast 8 that the Brazil cop and Dom had a baby, is that true?
Yes they explained they had an affair while Lettie was "dead".
What did they name the baby?
Brian -- after the character in the movie, but I think they should have named him Paul.
I dont remember which one is my favorite, but i love the one with safe
Where they switched the safes at the end of the movie?
Yes that one
That was fast five
Oh okay well fast five is my favorite then
I liked that one too
Ot9 was really cool how it was done
Yes it was the ending was such a twist
Im glad they showed how it was really done
Me too
The fast amd the furious movies are so exciting
I know, i love them
I love when brian and mia get together
Me too they are so adorable
They are the cutest couple
And brian and dom became like best friends
They are such good movies
I know they are amazing
I wish they were going to come out with more
Me too
Are there any rumors yet about 'Fast 9?'
There are a few details.  For instance, Vin Diesel and The Rock are set to reprise their roles.
That's cool, but I'm actually surprised.
How so?
Didn't they not get along during the shooting of the movie?
I did hear something like that.  Apparently they had a feud but were cordial to each other on set.
I suppose as long as you can work with the person, it's fine.  What was the feud even about?
There was a rumor that it was about who would have the bigger role.  The Rock apparently conceded.
So there was a chance that 'Fate of the Furious' could have been about Hobbs, The Rock's character, going bad instead.
That would have been just as fun to watch.  And as a former cop, Hobbs would have been more interesting.
Do you thing the Rock and Vin love eachother?
Like, more than Vin loved Paul?
Yeah man!
Really?
Heck yeah! You know they both love fast cars and pumping iron.
That's true.
When they're not busying stealing cars and getting into trouble, they probably like to camp and stuff.
Like camp at the beach or something?
Sure, beach, mountains, jail cell...
ha ha ha
Have you seen the new Fast & Furious movie yet?
That's the one where Dom switches sides right?
Yeah. I positively loved it.
I haven't really got to see it just yet.
Oh man you are missing out.
I know. The trailer look amazing.
You need to come over and watch it.
Dude I am up for that. I want to see what happens with that sub
You're going to love it. I really miss Brian though.
Totally. It was a big lose to them.
Do you think fast and furious movies are becoming repetitive?
Well, I certainly do feel that to a certain extent.
I mean I can say for sure that last three movies have almost same story.
I think what you are forgetting is in action movies, story is almost always the same.
Well, I agree to it only partially.
Why only partially?
I mean there has been action movies which had unique and solid story.
I think the first fast and furious was one of it.
Yes, because there were no fast and furious before part one, Obviously.
I think that is the common issue with movie series.
Did you see all of the Fast & Furious movies?
I have seen most of them.
Which ones have you not watched?
I did not see Toyko drift or 2 Fast 2 Furious
But you saw all the other ones?
Yes. I know it is odd to jump them like that but oh well.
Do you think they should have continued on after Paul Walker passed away?
I think that finishing the movie they were making was the right thing to do.
How many more do you think they will make?
Who knows! As long as they keep making money!
Do you remember which Fast and Furious didn't have Jordana Brewster?
I think she was in all of them except 2 Fast 2 Furious and the most recent one, The Fate of the Furious.
I wonder if she'll ever return. I really like her character of Mia Torretto.
Same here, I'm a big fan of hers. I can understand how they would feel it being out of place if she was in there without Paul Walker's Brian.
Such a tragic lost. I know what you mean. It does seem with every Fast and Furious they're introducing a new character.
That's how you keep a franchise going! You keep the main stars and you slowly introduce new ones so the audience can grow attached!
I am definitely glad the Rock got to be a part of the universe. Ever since Fast 5 I've been on the Rock train the whole way!
The Rock is great! He's beyond ridiculous as each movie goes on but in a fun positive way.
I hope he stays with the franchise until the 10th? I think that's how many they said they were going to make.
I heard 10 also. I bet if they continue doing well at the box office we'll get spin offs. That'll be fun for all Fast and Furious fans!
What was your favorite 'Fast & Furious' movie?
That's a tough question to answer.  I loved Five, but Seven was so emotional.
Yea, that last scene was such a touching goodbye to Paul Walker and his character.
I'd say it's a tie between those two.  How about you?
I actually really loved the first two.
You mean when it used to be about street racing?
Exactly.  That was always the main appeal for me.
They still have racing.
They do, but the racing is portrayed almost like an afterthought.
You have a point.  After Tokyo Drift, that street racing element started to get placed in the background.
What's your favorite trend from the 90s?
It would probably be wide-legged jeans.
Did you wear them often?
Yeah, I wore them all the time.
What was your favorite brand?
JNCO.
Where did you buy them?
Usually at either Hot Topic or Gadzooks.
Wow, I remember those places. Do people even go to the mall anymore?
I doubt it.
Do you still have any of your 90s clothes?
I have a couple shirts, I think. My mom got rid of most of my things when I moved out.
Oh, that's too bad. I don't really have anything anymore, either, except a Tommy Hilfiger coat.
Oh yeah? That might be worth some money. It's vintage.
I'll have to check to see on eBay.
Let me know what you find out.
So what's the worst 90s fashion trend you can think of?
Guys in skirts.
Really? I thought they were kind of hot.
That's because you're gay.
How's your dress making business going?
Surprisingly it's going OK. I've had five orders this month.
You designed that black and white one June wore to the prom, right?
Yes. I got the design idea from one I saw on an awards show.
That one was beautiful.
Thanks. It was a little hard to do the skirt with all those ruffles and such but I loved how it turned out.
It was really beautiful. I've been thinking of ordering something for myself to wear to a fancy charity event I have to go to.
We can do that any time you'd like.
The thing is I know the color I want but that's it.
I can help you design it, though, any time.
I also want lace. i love lace.
That's no problem either. What color were you wanting?
A soft pink I think.
You'd look so great in that.
With either white or a darker pink lace.
I have both colors of lace right now.
I'm pretty excited about this now.
Want to start designing it now?
Absolutely.
OK. Let's go through patterns and do that then.
So who did you think was the best dressed at the 2017 Grammy's red carpet ?
Well I really liked the golden outfit that Cee Lo Green had on.
I noticed that Solange Knowles also was wearing gold.
Yeah there were a few celebrities that wore gold this year but which golden dressed celebrity was your favorite ?
I really liked the golden top that Katy Perry wore on the red carpet.
Yeah that was really tight on her body but who was your favorite dress male at the Grammys ?
Definitely James Corden with his silky jacket and did you see who he was standing with ?
Yes Julia Carey in that golden, form fitting mini dress she looked gorgeous as well.
I really liked the dress that Kat Graham wore with he different striped colors.
You know who really looked cool though ?
Who are you talking about ?
Nick Jonas with his black metal studded outfit I thought it was very stylish.
I though Halsey was even more fashionable with her bare breast nearly hanging out in that blue silk outfit.
What it a blue silk dress ?
No it was a silk blouse and silk pants with the blouse unbuttoned and her breast nearly hanging out.
Yeah that was really provocative.
What did you think of Mya's red silk pant suit ?
I thought it was gorgeous but really safe I think she could have pushed the limits more.
What did you think about Camila Cabello in her gray satin style dress ?
I thought she looked adorable.
Are you wearing those earrings to your brother's wedding?
The skull ones? Yes.
It's a wedding, not a funeral. Wear something appropriate.
Okay. I'll wear my black rose earrings.
That's not much better. What else are you wearing?
My gothic cyber retro dress.
You're not serious are you?
What? My brother knows what I like to wear.
That's not important. It's a wedding, wear something nice.
What do you suggest then?
I'm glad you asked. I bought you this lovely teal dress with matching heels.
Teal? Really?
It came with a lovely handbag and lace gloves.
Teal isn't my color, you know that.
Too bad. You're wearing it.
Maybe I can mix it up with something in my wardrobe.
With what? All you have is black.
That's not true.
Isn't it?
No. I wear blood red colors too.
What do you think of how Rachel Maddow looks on her show?
I don't like what they are doing with her hair. Or her makeup
Oh, me either. I like gray hair.
And she has on way too much makeup right?
Yes! It's like they're trying to make her look straight.
Straight and not old. Because society fears older women who don't want to sleep with men. or who men don't want to sleep with.
She still looks great though
Yeah, I love her suits.
At least they haven't made her wear dresses yet
OR blouses or something feminine
I like the kinds of things Ellen wears on her show too
Yeah, but even with her sometimes they try to make it too feminine
Right I understand that it's television and all, but we can bring gender neutral clothing into the mainstream
Yeah, i don't even mind overtly feminine or masculine clothing. But it feels like most people are somewhere in between on the spectrum.
Yes! There are so many in between people. I wish they would show that more on television.
I like Mary Carillo's outfits as well. It's mostly pantsuits, but they fit her well.
I like Mary Carillo's hair.
Yes. It is a good cut for her
I used to not like skinny jeans, but they've grown on me.
Oh, me too. If they fit well, they are nice.
Did you see the pictures from fashion week of the Balenciaga catwalk?
Some of them, why?
Those jackets with the huge 1980s shoulder pads are too much.
I know! Sometimes I wonder who wears some of the fashion from the runway.
The jackets were so boxy and the shoulder pads were huge.
There were a lot of sheer pieces during spring fashion week too.
I saw a pair of sheer trousers that looked like clear plastic trash bags.
I know, right?
I did like the sheer lace dresses that Dolce and Gabanna were showing.
I did too but I didn't like the lace ruffle at the bottom.
I thought the ruffle at the bottom was actually kind of cute.
Speaking of sheer and showing it off, there were a ton of bralettes shown.
The one that Kendall Jenner wore was kind of cute. The black scrappy one that went around her neck and crisscrossed in the front.
That was cute. It was just really basic. There were some beautiful ones that weren't as basic. There were florals and even some velvet bralettes.
I must have missed those. I'm not sure about bralettes as a fashion piece for wearing in public anyway.
I think they can be really pretty with high waisted pants or skirts.
I actually really like that look. That way a smaller portion of the stomach shows.
Exactly.
Maybe I will look for a bralette/high waisted skirt combo next time I'm shopping.
Yes, you should. See if anyone makes that in a floral.
Did you see the stunning dresses at the MET Gala this year?
Yes, I Absolutely adored Selena Gomez's white long gown with the knee slit, absolutely gorgeous!
I agree. My favorite had to be Katy Perry, though. She shocked everyone in that red dreary veil and custom crimson Galliano coat.
Yes, that outfit was definitely inspiring. What also caught my eye was Bella Hadid in a tight black crystal embellished jumpsuit custom made by Alexander Wang.
Yes! Her body looked amazing in the skin tight jumpsuit and the black high heels to match were to die for!
Absolutely, although I was also not impressed by someone who I look forward to seeing every year, Kate Hudson. She is a vision in the white flowing gown she wore by Stella McCartney but she has done this look before.
I agree. I feel that every time I see her on a carpet she is wearing a white gown. How about the men? I thought Donald Glover's Burberry suit was both elegant and sophisticated.
Yes, it was. Burberry was a popular choice that night. Matt Smith also wore a Burberry suit with an eccentric tie that looked Victorian-like but impressive.
Another one of my least favorites was Gwyneth Paltrow who wore a simple and tight one shoulder pill dress by Calvin Klein.
I agree, it was a boring choice. Her black shoes definitely clashed with the tight pink and non-flattering dress she wore.
How about Joe Jonas in custom H&M? He looked debonair as he posed in the red and black stripe finely fitted suit.
Yes, he definitely dressed to impress! I loved how him and Lena Dunham matched since they both wore red!
I saw the picture they took together, it was hilarious. Her long red strapless gown was the exact same red as his suit. It was meant to be.
Someone who also wowed me was Kendall Jenner who showed up in a barely there gown with a black sash on the front and see-through back.
Yes, it was very risqué but what we expected. Her sister Kylie Jenner stunned in custom Versace in the platinum colored gown she wore.
Yes, even matching with Donatella Versace herself. They both wore metallic gowns.
Yes, I was not expecting that duo. We have to talk about Rihanna's gown which was  a pure piece of art.
Yes, she was a vision. I was surprised that small balls attached to her did not fall off as she was walking, I do not know how she kept it on the entire night!
Yes, Rihanna's gown looked extremely uncomfortable and unwearable.
I agree, but I saw pictures of her at her after party where she changed into a more comfortable jeans and white t-shirt.
What do you think about the direction modern fashion is taking?
I like it. It has come a long way since flare leg jeans.
What do you think will be the big hit for this summer as far as clothes?
For Men or Women?
I guess for men
I dont know hopefully not cut off denim shorts again
I dont know this seems like its trending everywhere
I dont get it, dont people call them "jorts?"
Yeah, but hipsters love irony
They do, but they cant keep it up
What do they do with their jeans
Buy new ones each year.
How about for women?
I don't know I am not an aficiondao
Well every year its something new
Could be sun dresses again
Maybe, but I feel like that was overdone
Nah, they can hide their bodies
Dont do that! I think its a mistake
People want to feel comfortable in the heat
Speaking of, does every guy wear the same Ray Ban sunglasses?
Seems like it if you lived on Instagram
This new trend of barely wearing your coat seems silly to me.
Barely wearing your coat? Isn't that defeating the purpose of wearing a coat?
Yeah. First they came out with that editor's cape foolishness.
I think I remember that one. That was the one where you wore your coat like a cape.
Yeah. The look of oh-so-casually wearing your coat perched atop your shoulders without your arms slung through the sleeves.
I tried that one. I didn't like it much.
Why would anyone like it? It left your arms free to do whatever buy you couldn't raise your in editors' shoulders.
That look was way too restrictive.
The editor's cape is fading into distant memory and is being replaced by something even less practical.
Let me guess. The laid back look of  shrugged shoulder?
Oh. So you have seen that one?
Yeah.  That is worse than the editors' cape.
I think so too.
I mean. Your shoulders and parts of your chest are exposed to the cold.
There is no way you can stay warm on a chilly day dressed like that.
Makes me shiver to my bones just thinking about it.
Especially with the below freezing winters we have had over the past five years.
Yeah. You would freeze to death if you tried that look in our part of the country.
It could work in a state like Florida.
I don't think so.  They don't get all that cold there.
Who was the best dressed in the MTV Movie Awards this year?
I'm not quite sure there are alot of options! I liked Mary Eizabeth Winstead's denim dress
What kind of fashion are you into?
I'm into minimalist fashion.
Oh, what's that?
You just own a couple pieces of clothing and make a lot of outfits.
Oh that's cool. How small is your closet then?
It's normal size, just not very full. I have like 5 shirts, 2 pairs of pants, and 2 pairs of shoes.
I could try minimalist for a while, but I really like owning a lot of clothes.
Yeah that's cool. What kind of fashion do you like?
I like avant garde fashion. No rules!
What is the heck is that?
It's like the frontier of something. I like to explore and be adventerous.
So what do you wear?
I try to break norms with my fashion, mismatch and try new things.
What else do you do for that?
I make a lot of my own clothes or alter my old ones.
Like cut them up or sew stuff on them?
Exactly, that's very avant garde!
Who are your favorite designers?
I like Alexander Mcqueen pretty much.
I"ve never heard of him but I'll look him up later!
My favorite part of Awards Season is the fashion!
I love the intresting looks that stars wear to the Met Gala.
Yes! This years Gala was full of designs by Kawakubo.
And every year since Anna Wintour's first year as Met Gala chair in 1995, the event has featured honorary hosts from the worlds of entertainment and fashion.
Did you know that this year's co-chairs are Katy Perry, Pharrell Williams, Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen?
No, but I loved Katy Perry's outfit in May's Vogue in honor of the upcoming gala.
Kawakubo, is a 74-year-old Japanese designer who founded Comme des Garçons in 1969, is only the second living designer honored by the Costume Institute, along with Saint Laurent.
She has defined the aesthetics of our time, by inviting us to rethink fashion as a site of constant creation, recreation, and hybridity,
A-listers and top designers bring out their most impressive, over-the-top and memorable outfits for the red carpet.
I loved Sarah Jessica Parkers look!
Sarah Jessica Parker has been a top fashionista ever since her role as Carrie Bradshaw on Sex in the City.
Yes, without her influence, I might never have known how great Manolo Blahnik shoes were!
President Trump proposed to Melania during the Met Gala in 2004.
Yes, it is definitely a high profile event. I loved Melania's dress that night.
Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston's romance was borne of their Met Gala dance-off in 2016. She looked spectacular.
Yes, and his suit was so dapper.
Historically, guests are also supposed to dress in the fashions of the gala's honored designer, a tradition that often turns controversial.
The Kardashian sisters love to stir up controversy at the Gala. Especially Kim!
Did you see the Olsen twins outfits?
Yes, straight vintage! I'm not a fan of vintage, but they definitely pulled it off!
This w0rld is crazy about fashion.
I like old fashion.
why so?
It has modesty?
What is particular about it?
It is not revealing and not half naked.
But today fashion is quite comfortable and general.
Yes, that is right,pants and shirt is universal .
When it comes to fashion, I think asian countries are leading.
Which one?
Like India, china or indonesia.
Yes, they are very colorful and with varieties.
I have seen so many kind of fashion designs in india, and they are gorgeous.
I agree, but have to be careful about quality.
Now, a days, it is easy to buy then to customized. Do u think so?
Yes, marketing is very easy and cheaper.
Internet has made it very easy and affordable.
I myself got so many through internet.
which site?
ebay
What is that brand you are wearing.
It's a designer out of the UK called UK designs.
It's very well fitted, is it supposed to be that tight?
Yes and no, It may have shrunk in the wash cycle
Well that is a shame.
Thanks, am I able to pull off a tight look?
Not at all but your confidence is the think that rocks through
Wow I never thought of my self esteem effecting my fashion
Well it really can, trust me, I was once very nervousness and lacked confidence in everything.
Was it not until I found fashion did my life get better. So fashion really made you confident?
Yes indeed. I found that being able to express myself anyway I wanted I was able to grow as a person.
So what styles attract you the most?
Well, let's see, I really like to dress in modern styles that have lots of colour. What about you?
Well I would have to say formal wear is my favorite. I just like to look posh.
Is that because you aren't posh?
Pretty much. I only really wear what people would like to see me in. In that way I am a push-over
That is true, but where did you get your shoes?
Well I got them at pay-less actually, they where a steal.
And they are so cute on you. I wish I had shoes like that.
I know I like that they are high tops and have an extreme amount of colours.
Did you see the outfits at the Met Gala this year?
Yes, wasn't Rihanna's outfit crazy?
It looked like it was made of old wallpaper. But Halle Berry's dress was great.
I loved that it looked like record albums.
I loved Chrissy Teigen's dress, too.
I know, and John Legend in his white dinner jacket was a nice accessory.
Speaking of men, Kanye's starburst jacket was pretty cool.
Yeah, but Kim's dress was awful.
Not as awful as Pharrell Williams' wife, though.
She looked like an inflatable Gumby doll.
You know who looked surprisingly good, though? Janelle Monae.
Yes, she wasn't as crazy as she is sometimes. I liked the feather skirt.
Jennifer Lopez was pretty toned-down, too.
Her dress was a pretty color, but really blah style.
Serena Williams, too: great color, bland style.
Oh, I didn't see her. What was it like?
Gorgeous green, full skirt, vee neck. It showed off her baby bump nicely.
Maternity red carpet looks are always a mixed bag.
Agreed. Chrissy Teigen always wore great maternity clothes.
Yup. And Jenna Tatum, too.
I need help choosing a dress for the wedding next weekend. Can you go shopping with me on Friday?
Yeah, sure! I love shopping for dresses! What time do you want to go?
Around five. I'll pick you up.
Sounds great! So, are you thinking about using a long dress or short dress?
Well, I'm not quite sure but I think a long dress will look more elegant, considering the occasion. Don't you think?
True. Long dresses do look more elegant but a short dress will draw more attention from the single bachelors!
Oh yeah! I didn't think about that! Maybe I should buy a short dress instead.
Do you have a nice high heel pair of shoes?
Uhm, I have a pair of shoes with heels but they're not very high.
Oh no, you'd better pick me up at three. We're going to have to go shoe shopping too!
But I wasn't planning on buying shoes too!
You cannot wear a short sexy dress with low heels! Short dresses draw attention to your legs!
This wedding invitation is becoming expensive. Maybe I just won't go...
No, no, no. Relax! I know a great store for dresses that always has good sales.
Don't you have a dress or a pair of shoes I can borrow? You go out a lot.
Actually, yeah, I do! Now that I think about it, I have the perfect dress for you!
What color is it?
It's a sassy red! It'll look great on you!
Are you sure? Sassy red? That sounds a bit extravagant for me, don't you think?
Don't worry. Leave it to me. Come on over tonight after work.
Do you every think about how young Snow White was?
What do you mean?
She's supposedly only 14 years old in the movie!
What? No way!
Yes! Which is even more devastating when you think about how the Queen treated her.
She was just a kid!
Atleast with all that work she had to do, she held her own well in the dwarf cottage.
Yes, they really appreciated her cleaning and cooking for them.
And she was married at 14 also!
To be fair you'd married a prince at 14 if it meant being far away from an evil witch mother.
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Oh, that's a hard one. There's just so many classics!
It doesn't have to be just classics either, it can be some of the new ones they put out.
I think for me, it would have to be Inside Out for the new ones, and Mulan for the classics.
Interesting! I'd have to agree with you on that.
I think Mulan was just so different from the other princesses and Inside Out is a movie everyone can relate to.
I loved the animation from Inside Out, it was very pleasant to watch. Even my kids loved it.
I feel like it would definitely call out to children!
I like that Disney is sending positive messages to little children and making movies they can relate to.
Not only that, but adults can enjoy them too! That's when you know it's good.
What's the first Disney movie you ever saw?
Snow White, my grandma took me.
That's awhile ago.
It was the 80s and she loved it.
I think mine was Sleeping Beauty.
I hated the ugly stepsisters.
The little mice in Sleeping Beauty were cute.
I like the animals in Bambi.
Bambi was sad though.
Yeah but Thumper and Bambi were cute.
What are your thoughts about the remake of Beauty and the Beast that came out this year?
I thought Emma Watson was a great choice for Belle!
Same.  I thought she did a great job with the singing.
I wonder if they considered anyone else for the role?
I'm not sure if they did or not.
At first, I was worried she'd seem a little too young to play Belle, even though she's in her 20s.
That's true!  But Belle is pretty young in the animated version, so I think Emma was a good choice.
What about the Beast though!  Them together didn't work all that will in my opinion.
Right?!  He seemed so much older than her!
Agreed.  It was kind of awkward at the end when he turns back into the prince because he looks like he's probably 15 years older than her.
So, I was building a snowman this afternoon and it reminded me of that song from Frozen.
Do you want to build a snowman?
No, the one Ana sings to Elsa when their parents die.
Do you want to build a snowman?
No I did that early today. Damn I wish I could remember the song?
Do you want to build a snowman!
No I don't, let it go already.
No, you let it go.
Stop being such an Elsa and go outside.
Fine. The cold never bothered me anyway.
i feel like the lion in that disney movie
what movie?
you know, the one with the red lion and a bronw pig
you mean the lion king?
yes that one
but why do you feel like that movie?
because in one scene the big lion is stomped by hundreds of animals
its because you went to the gym?
yeah
that explains it
Cinderella was such a good movie, I loved her slippers.
I know, I wish glass slippers were a real thing!
Seriously, I would buy a pair for sure! I wish I had birds that could sew for me.
That would be nice, her step sisters were so ugly
They were, with warts all over their faces
They had such big feet also, Cinderella was so pretty
I know, it was sad how she was treated
It was, I am glad she got to live happily ever after
with all of her animal friends !
That was such a cute part of the movie.
Do you like Disney movies?
I am a big fan.
I like the ones with animals as main characters.
Lasy and the Tramp was a favorite for me.
I almost forgot about that one.
When Lady and the mutt share the spaghetti - so romantic.
What about the Jungle Book with Baloo the bear?
I like the cartoon Baloo.
The new Jungle Book with CGI is pretty amazing.
The story is a bit different but I loved it.
In what year was the children's movie Mulan premiered?
It was released in 1998!
Mulan is based on the story of a young woman who went to war on behalf of her family
Yes, she did it to protect her dad.
This story speaks of the bravery that has the Chinese girl
Of course going to war and posing as a man
Accompanied by Crick-Kee, he jumps lucky fuck the grandmother Fa!
And Mushu a little dragon
At that time women could not enter the army
Yes! That's why Mulan pretends to be a man.
Did you like the cast for beauty and the beast movie?
I love Emma Watson, so it's a yes for me.
I know, she was a great choice.
Also, Ariana Grande sang really well the main soundtrack!
Totally agree, the duet was even more special with John Legend
I have to admit that i had my doubts with that duet but it turned out just great.
The technology to create the beast in the movie was amazing also.
Disney live movies are beginning to seem more interesting every time.
Well, today is the second time i'm going to watch the movie, want to come with us?
Sure!
The jazz music in the movie The Incredibles was great.
Yeah, the whole motif of the movie was that jazz music.
Did you like that character Frozone?
Oh absolutely. He was funny.
I think the movie did a great job of capturing everyday life of working people as well.
Yeah. Bob Parr was not liking his life till he got back in action.
It looked like their whole family was in need to get back in action.
You're totally right. I loved how that little lady Edna made the new suits.
She's so funny!
She reminds me of my grandmother! Haha.
Aladdin was my favorite movie as a kid
did you ever wish you found a magic lamp?
all of the time, I would always think of my three wishes
I know, but the genie could be tricky
Yes, you had to word what you wanted just right!
I also thought a magic carpet would be cool
I used to pretend that our area rug was magic and I could fly
That movie was full of really neat things
It was the genie was kind of scary though
yeah he was, I wonder why he was blue?!
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
Aladdin
Like, that older 90's movie?
Yea!!
Why?
Genie!
Oh, a Robin Williams fan?
All the way!
Yea he's awesome!
I couldnt agree more!
Have you seen Inside Out?
Yes, but hasn't it been around for a while?
Yes, it came out in 2015.
Who is in the movie?
Amy Poehler stars in the film.
I will have to rent the movie.
You can rent the movie at Family Video.
Can I stream it?
Yes, it is available on iTunes, YouTube, Google Play, Amazon Video, or Vudu. It will cost though.
Thank you for the information. You have been very helpful.
hey do you know if any disney movies are in theaters?
Im not sure but there should be
Why should there be one?
Because disney uusally always has at least one movie in theater and they own other big companies
Really? Like who?
Im pretty sure compaines like marvel are even under disney
no way that is crazy awesome!
Yeah it is because disney has great movies and so does marvel
Yeah i really like marvel movies especially how good they have been
Yeah disney is a good studio producer and knows what they are doing
Who are your favorite characters in the movie Frozen?
One of my favorites is Sven.
Why is the reindeer one of your favorites?
Because he's funny, he has funny facial expressions and is sassy.
So do you have any other favorites?
Yeah I also like Kristoff. He's like a real Prince Charming, without being a prince.
So he saves the girl?
Not really. He realizes he cares for Anna, but thinks she loves another man.
So who saves Anna?
Well, Anna sees Hans try to kill Elsa, so she jumps in front of him before he can kill her and her heart freezes and she turns to ice, and that act of true love is what saves her. Then she unfreezes.
Did you see Zootopia?
Yes. I thought it was very cute.
Is it a newer movie?
Yes. it came out a recently.
What did you like about it?
The plot and the characters
Was there a fox in it?
Yes. He was one of the main characters
Cool
I love that movie a lot.
I can't believe how many Disney movies have come out over the years. How many can you name?
Well, let me think. Bambi, Cinderella, Aladdin, The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Alice in Wonderland.
You're pretty good! Can you think of any others off the top of your head?
What about the one with the bears? I can remember them singing about bear necessities, but I can't recall the name of the movie.
Oh, yeah! Now I can't remember it either!
That's funny. I know Disney made Lady and the Tramp, and Brother Bear, but I don't think it's in either of those two movies.
No, definitely not. Maybe it was the Jungle Book?
Yes! I believe that's the one.
I'm going to have to dig out my old VHS movies now and watch some of these great Disney movies! Thanks for the reminder!
Well, I'll have to bring the family over to watch them with you then. Sounds like fun!
Have you seen Moana?
Isn't Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson in that?
He sure is. He plays the demigod Maui and is hilarious in it. He even sings!
How's the music in Moana?
The music is great! "How Far I'll Go" was nominated for an Oscar. Moana was also nominated for Best Animated Feature.
Wow! That's impressive.
I think the most impressive thing is how lifelike they were able to make the Polynesian islands look.
Really? The scenery is that good?
It's AMAZING.
I guess I need to check it out!
Did you like the first, or second Rescuers movie more?
The first one.
I agree. That stuff with the mean lady was more memorable
I liked th swamp setting a lot.
Did you like the Australian setting in part 2?
Yes, but not as much as I liked the swamp
They are both great though
I agree
Did you lik Tomorrow is Another Day?
Yeah, that song fit in the movie perfectly.
What is your most anticipated movie release?
I think it would have to be Coco by Disney.
Oh, I haven't heard about that movie, what is about?
It's a story of a young Mexican boy on the day of the dead or something like that.
That seems interesting, it's an animated one right?
Yeah, and as always the animation looks amazing and so well produced.
I might give it a chance, what is the premier date?
On August I believe, I'm planning on going with my whole family.
That sounds cool, let me know how well you liked it.
I sure will, I hope you go to watch it too.
Have you seen that Disney movie Beauty and the Beast?
The new one with actors, or the animated one?
The original animated one.
Of course.  My daughter watches it all the time.
Who is her favorite character?
She loves Belle the most.
Of course, but does she like any other characters?
She loves the little cup...I think his name is Chip.
Oh, I love Chip, too.  Him and his mother, the pot.
Her name is Mrs. Potts, I believe.
Do you prefer The Little Mermaid or Beauty and the Beast?
I like Beauty and the Beast best, I think. I love the songs in it, and I wish I could have a library like the one Beast gives Belle.
That library is amazing. The ballroom scene is really good, too.
Do you like Beauty and the Beast better, too, then?
No, I like it a lot, but I actually prefer The Little Mermaid.
That's surprising! How come?
I think that everything in it is so pretty!
That's true. I like the "Under the Sea" scene a lot.
I even like the song that Ursula sings, "Poor Unfortunate Souls"
I like it too, but her and her eels always scared me!
I have a confession.
What's wrong?
I'm kind of a Disney princess fanatic.
What's wrong with that?
Sometimes I feel weird admitting that as a guy.
It's 2017, don't let social standards deter you.
I'm kind of a SUPER fan though.
Oh, Who's your favorite princess?
I gotta say Elsa from frozen, she's a newer character but already one of the most complex.
That's an amazing choice!
Which movie reinforces gender stereotypes? I'm thinking of holding a discussion about patriarchal themes in films with my literature group.
At the top of my head, I'm going with Cinderella. It's a classic example of societal norms and expectations for women in the '50s.
Hm, female politics in Disney movies? That sounds super exciting.
Yeah, you can talk about beauty standards and the need to fit those standards in order to find a man.
How so?
Well, how about the fact that all the women in the kingdom got all dolled up for the prince?
I forget how the story goes. Wasn't there some sort of ball?
Yes. They were all invited to be eligible to be the prince's bride.
Ah, right. And the prince had to choose his future queen based on looks.
That sends a negative message to viewers, which was basically that women had to rely on her looks to get married.
Did you enjoy Moana?
I really liked Moana. I liked the animation and the songs a lot.
My favorite scenes in Moana were at the beginning when she's still a baby. That beach scene with the baby turtle was really cute.
I loved that scene! When she flips over the baby turtle and then shields it into the ocean with that big leaf.
I don't hear people talking a lot about Moana but it was a really good Disney movie!
The Rock was really good in it too!
I didn't know the Rock could sing, other than doing silly karaoke singing.
Maui! The Rock was really good as that character. It was a very fun Disney adventure movie.
The animation was fantastic! The ocean looked so realistic.
I liked those little coconut guys. The Kakamora! I thought they were really adorable too but overall fantastic Disney movie.
hey i want to get better at cooking but dont want to go back to school
all you got to do is watch the movie ratatouille
im being serious and this is what you propose?
yes because i am being serious also
and how is watching a disney movie going to help?
well in the movie the rat had a strong desire to cook and even though he was looked down upon for being a rat he never gave up
so how does that apply to me?
well you love cooking so find it within yourself to get the motivation to teach yourself to cook so you can become great like ratatouille.
well when you put it like that it sounds promising
of course it does, your welcome now go be the best chef you can be
what your favorite toy story movie?
I grew up with the first two
my favorite is the third one
yeah, it is just as good.
the third one is more emotional to me.
they are all just as good though.
they did good.
not many companies do well with the third sequel
they were able to do it right
and be even more emotive with it
Disney is something else
Why
They make many sequels
True
Its just odd
Why
Because it feels like they make nothing new
But they do
Like what
Moana is new
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
Cinderella
Oh, that's an oldie!
But a goodie!
I'll agree to that
Yea, it's kinda an analogy for some people's lives
I can see that
Like how she goes from having no hope to getting super lucky
I'm following you
I wish I could end up like her!
When I was a kid I remember going to see Lady and the Tramp.
Oh, that's a favorite Disney movie of mine!
I loved the opposites attract story line. So romantic.
Yeah, it's funny that an animated dog can be more romantic than the men I date!
Too true!
I also loved Peggy Lee singing the the iconic He's A Tramp.
Maybe that movie is why every man I've gone out with was also totally opposite of me.
Your love life was inspired by an animated dog?
Hey, there are far worse blueprints to follow!
That is true.
You know in Bambi when his mum dies, did you cry?
You bet I did, that was arguably the saddest moment in any Disney film ever.
Thank God, I thought I was the only one.
Don't worry I think everyone cries when they watch Bambi.
At least Bambi has happy life in the end?
Really. Do you not remember who the villain was in Bambi.
The villain? I can't really think who it was?
The villain was mankind.
Crikey mate, that was deep.
Yeah I saw it in a Buzzfeed quiz.
I just watched Cool Runnings today , such a good movie
I forgot about that !
I watched it when I was younger, it is so funny
I know , I used to want to bobsled
same here, once my brother and I made a trail with our sleds in the snow
what did you do with the sleds?
we would run and jump in them and pretend to bobsled
The Olympics were so much fun when we were kids
I know, because you could imagine what you would do
That is true, I wanted to figure skate
Tomorrowland should have been a much better movie then it was.
I was so excited to catch it and then was so disappointed, I agree.
What problems did you have with Tomorrowland?
For me, I really liked the concept of turning what we know of Tomorrowland into a movie, but I thought the delivery of the storyline was a bit too much.
Do you mean the George Clooney relationship with the girl?
I actually liked that aspect eventhough people thought it was somewhat controversial. I thought it was heartwarming that he had a crush on her as a kid, but seeing as she was a robot she wasn't going to age while he would.
I didn't mind it either and I thought the dynamic of their relationship was really interesting. Overall the movie was fun but it lacked more coherence for me.
Britt Robertson was almost like a throw away character in there even though she was the billing lead name.
I know, her character was pretty disappointing. I didn't like the Hugh Laurie stuff either, that was weird.
Brad Bird directed it, director of the Incredibles, and while I think he did a good job directing the movie, the story could have improved it overall so much more.
I remember the first Toy Story movie; I think we watched it ten times.
Me, too!  My favorite character is Mr. Potato Head, he's so funny.
Poor Woody starts out as the toy in charge, the most important.
Yeah, until Buzz Lightyear comes along.
I used to pretend that my toys would do things, in a way, like they were real, but I never imagined what these toys did.
I kind of look at toys in a different light now, like, is this toy going to come to life as soon as I shut the door and leave?
I know what you mean.  It used to give me nightmares, wondering if a spider with a baby head was going to come crawling up my leg!
Ewww!  That gives me the creeps!
The whole perseverance thing with Woody and Buzz, though, is what I remember best from it.
I like it that they were friends at the end.
I like that movie with the blonde
Their is many movies with a blonde person
The one with the popular song
Hm?
The one about letting go
Oh you mean frozen
Yeah that movie is lovely
i like it
I want to watch it again
We can
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Lion King, easy.
Who is your favorite character?
I love Nala the best. She took care of her home and talked sense into Simba when he wanted to run from his problems.
Who is your least favorite character?
Probably Zazu, he's so uptight.
And your favorite scene from the Lion King?
I love the entire Hakuna Matata montage.
Oh that's a really good part.
Yes! The animation, the music, it was just cute and my favorite part of the movie.
Zootopia was such a good movie!
One of Disney's best original animated movies!
It was a lot more serious then I thought it was going to be.
You mean the content of the story?
Yeah the story content was really adult but surrounded by cute cuddly animals.
I was really surprised by that but in a good way.
Disney presented Zootopia in a way where parents could enjoy the movie while their kids could too.
I know, I thought some of the themes were a little too much for children, but I think the overall look of the movie really appealed to them.
It definitely appealed to me as a parent and I know my kids loved Disney's Zootopia. It was our favorite Disney movie and maybe even favorite movie overall movie of 2016!
That's really high praise! I really liked Zootopia too.
What are some of your all time favorite Disney movies?
I have a lot I would say the Toy Story ones.
I like those who is your favorite character?
I like buzz light year.
I like woody.
Yeah i love his voice.
His character is awesome how he acts.
Who is that actor?
I think it is Tom Hanks.
He is a good person to play that part.
Did you know about the national treasure movie series?
Yes i watch the 2004 movie but later part I didn't remember
Seriously you should watch the movie it is full of thriller and adventorous
Yes I love the first part I will watch the other parts also
Nicholas Cage acting is mind blowing, did you remember his stunt in the movie
Yes that was so awesome I love that scene when he dive theu the building, he is a hero
And also a cryptologist is such a genius he can crack any code
The last code seems quite difficult but the logic is sees correct in the movie
It is most adventurous movie I love this
Yes the movie is fully adventurous not a single minute I feel bore when watching this movie
I can't wait for Cars 3 to come out.
I know, I loved the first two.
We should go, it comes out on June 16th.
For sure we will.  Who does the voices in it.
Owen Wilson is Lightning McQueen.
Oh that's right.
And Paul Newman was in it before he died.
Who did he play?
Doc Hudson.
Awesome.  I can't wait to go.
I was looking at a list the other day and you would be absolutely shocked at the number of Disney films that were live action from the 1950s until now.
Really? That's not what I think of when I think of Disney.
I know! You usually think of the animated classics that they've made and rightfully so! I think almost everyone I know has seen Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
Yeah and those movies were made way before anyone our age was born.
But because they're classics we've seen them. I bet there are lots of Disney films you didn't remember were DIsney, like The Parent Trap!
The one with Lindsay Lohan?
No! The one with Hayley Mills. Come on you remember, its the exact same story. The LIndsay Lohan one is remake.
That's the girl that plays Polyanna! I loved that movie. It's the one about an orphan in a small town and she's really cheerful and everyone grows to love her.
Yeah I remember. Anyways, there are about 50 more live action movies that Disney has made.
Well maybe we should go rewatch some of those ones.
Did you see the Disney movie Cinderella?
Of course hasn't everyone?
I love that movie!  I wish I had a fairy godmother!
Me too.  Cinderella is so beautiful!
Yes and I love that she is kind to everyone.
She loves animals too!
Yes she does and they love her just as much!  They even made her a dress!
Oh yeah, I forgot that part.  Aren't those little mice the cutest things?
Yes, they are.  That is a fun movie to watch.
I think so too.  Maybe someday I will meet my prince charming!
I think my favorite thing about Beauty and the Beast is the setting and atmosphere.
I could never figure out what time period it is supposed to be in.
French Roccocco I think...
I can see that.
I'm just judging by the way the castle looked in the end of the movie, the sculptures were Roccocco.
Oh and that happened in France?
Yea, which explains the opening, why everyone was telling Belle, "Bonjour!"
Now that beginning makes sense!
You see, knowing these things makes the movie infinitely better.
Definitely, does.
Your top 3 Disney movies of all time, go.
Okay, first I like Mulan.
Yes, I love her story and her character arc.
Agreed, a warrior Princess can't be beat.
After that?
I like Beauty and the Beast, but the animated original.
Yes, the songs are catchy.
And then I like the Little Mermaid.
Yes! Again, the songs are amazing.
Basically, we just love Disney songs in their movies, don't we?
Did you saw the Tarzan's movie from Disney ?
Yes. I love this movie ! My favorite part is when Tarzan meets his mother again .
I watched The beauty and the beast yesterday , i liked it so much that i watched it a second time today .
I watched it too ! It was at friend's house . My friend loves the beast and i don't know why .
Do you remember that movie we were watching when we where kids ? You know, the mermaid ?
Oh, you mean the little mermaid ? Yes , i was watching it everyday when i was 6 years old.
When does the Cinderella movie came out ?
I heard it was in 1950 .
What is your favourite Disney movie ?
Clearly the first Toy Story movie ! It was the third time i was watching a Disney movie and i just really sticked with this one .
Johnny Depp must really love playing Captain Jack Sparrow in The Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
Well, I'm sure he does- hit movies, more fame, more money...
No, I mean he must really enjoy the character- he turned up in April at Disneyland at the Pirates of the Caribbean ride dressed up as his character.
What was he doing there? Did Disney ask him to do a promo for the new movie or something?
No, apparently he just wanted to surprise his fans.
I bet there were some really thrilled fans at the ride when they saw him!
There were dozens of screaming fans. He was interacting with them, and quoting lines from the movies, and had his sword.
Can you imagine how shocked you would be? At first they probably thought it was just a celebrity double.
The fans were quoted as being shocked and surprised, and said he acted just like his movie character.
That would really get people excited. His character is so popular. And having him just pop up out of nowhere must have been amazing for those fans.
You ever see that old Disney movie, The Black Hole?
Seen it? I haven't even heard of it.
It's OK, kind of cheesy and very un-Disney like.
Oh yeah, who;s in it?
It starred Maximilian Schell and Anthony Perkins, that dude from Psycho. It's a space movie, and it has couple of corny robots.
Really?
Yeah, but it isn't all that bad
Are there any women in it?
Yeah, Yvette Mimieux, she was in a  lot of those old SF movies.
OK, Sounds good. I think I will check it out,
Quick question. Who is your favorite Disney villain?
I will say Maleficent.
Did you like the movie with Angelina Jolie?
Yes, it holds a special place in my heart.
I prefer the classic Maleficent from Sleeping Beauty.
I like that one as well. I just love happy endings!
Disney is definitely good at happy endings.
Who is your favorite Disney villain?
Hans! I was so shocked when he showed his true colors.
I know, I did not see that one coming!
I heard you say you are not a big Disney movie fan.
Yeah, I hate to say it. Disney movies are so corny!
Are there any you actually like? I think a lot of them aren't corny.
I do like Lady and the Tramp. The dogs won me over.
That's a good one. I don't know anyone who can resist its charm.
I guess I would also have to say that I liked The Sword and the Stone.
Oh, a classic! Merlin is so funny in that movie.
He cracked me up. It was a wonderful film.
I feel like you can't really say you hate Disney movies if there are some you really like.
Yes, but there are so many that I hate as well.
I recently saw the movie Moana.
I saw that movie too.
Yeah, I was surprised but I really liked it?
What did you like about it?
I liked that it had a new theme to it.
I liked that it was about the ocean too.
What was your favorite part in the movie?
It was when Moana first went to the ocean by herself and the ocean was nice to her and gave her the shell.
Yeah, I liked that part too.
We should get it when it comes out on DVD.
Cars 3 is finally in theaters. Are you going to see it?
Yes, I remember liking the first 2 movies. How about you?
Yes, I want to see it. Who does Lightning McQueen's voice again?
Owen Wilson
Oh yeah...And who played Mater?
That is Larry the Cable Guy.
Oh, he's hilarious!
Yes, I like him too. I hope he's in Cars 3.
Definitely! Hey, want to see it together tomorrow?
Sure, let's check the show times.
What was your favorite moment from Fantasia?
Cal me old fashioned but the Sorcerer's Apprentice part always gets me.
Is that the one with Mickey and all the brooms?
Yea, I think it's a classic.
Yea definitely. That part always stressed me out as a kid. I was always a big fan of the dancing hippos.
In the pink ballerina outfits? I loved them.
I cannot watch it and not laugh.
Yea they were hilarious. They were big but they could definitely move.
I wish I could stay on my tip toes like them.
Yea I never thought I'd wish to be as graceful as a hippo.
My mom loaned me the DVD of the original Snow White and The Seven Dwarves.
Oh ya, we should watch it later.
Yes, and see how it looks compared to the ones they make today.
I wonder how long it would take to make a movie like that back then?
Oh, it must have taken a long to time to draw each frame of the movie.
Yes I heard that they kept bare frames of sequences to be used in other movies.
What do you mean?
Then they could paint over them for a different movie.
Oh really?
Yes, that is why a lot of the early Disney movies had the same dancing parts in them.
I watched the Lion King the other day.  But I still don't see how it is Hamlet.
Well, the uncle kills the king and takes his place.
I get that.  But nothing else about it is the same.
That's true.  Like Simba ran away after his dad was killed, not before.
And most of the characters were still alive in the end.
Timon and Pumbaa were like Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, right?
I think so.  But they did not try to help Simba get executed.
And Simba didn't have them killed either.
In short, I wish people would say that The Lion King was influenced by Hamlet, not that it's the exact same story.
But the movie is still good.  And Jonathan Taylor Thomas had the perfect voice for child Simba.
Finding Nemo was a great Disney movie, don’t you think?
Yes, all of the tropical fish were so vibrant, and colourful.
It didn’t have a lot of singing in it like many Disney movies.
I still enjoyed it though; I thought the characters were charming.
Which was your favourite character?
I liked Dory best, the forgetful fish.
I agree, I liked Dory best as well, she was very funny.
I though the part with the sharks was a bit scary.
Yes, but I felt sorry for them as well, because they were trying so hard to be vegetarians.
I thought Bruce the shark was very funny.
Hey.  Do you want to go see the Race to Witch Mountain with me?
The reboot with Dwayne The Rock Johnson? Yeah I do!
Carla Gugino is in it too.  She plays the astrophysicist.
Back in the day, I tried so hard to do my lipstick like hers in the Bon Jovi Always video. And she really rocked that hat!
Great, we'll go see it in the theater together....do we want to bring our kids?
Is it really responsible to take them to a movie without watching it first?
Probably not.  Even with Disney movies, it's important to know what your kids are watching.
OK. So we will leave the children home, for their own sakes.
Yes.  It has nothing to do with wanting to go see a movie with The Rock without dragging around our children.
We are so selfless.
What's your favorite Disney movie.
I think I like the ones from when I was a kid the best.
Oh the older ones, like Snow White and Cinderella?
No, I'm not that old!  I'm talking about Finding Nemo and The Little Mermaid.
Oh yeah, from that time frame I think I like Beauty and the Beast the best.
My favorite was probably Aladdin, although I liked a bunch of them.
What makes Aladdin your favorite?
I really liked the music a lot, and thought it would be fun to fly on a magic carpet.
I liked the Genie the best, his scenes were hilarious.
Yeah, Robin Williams did a really great job playing that character.
What do you think of Frozen?
Oh, I have so many opinions on Frozen.
Okay, let me hear them.
I like the songs in the movie, especially Let it Go...
It is a classic song, the others are catchy too.
But I'm not a fan of the overhype the movie got.
Like it's popularity?
I think it got very big, very fast.
So fast they're already making a sequel.
Yeah....I'm definetely going to watch it when it comes out too.
You know I think that makes sense as a reason for Rapunzel's hair being gold...
So that there would be a color scheme?
Yea, I think disney does that a lot.
I think so too.
Like in "Brave," it is turquoise and orange with maybe some greens.
In "The Princess and the Frog," the color scheme is greens, blues golds and maybe purples and browns for Facillier.
With villains, I think you know something truely evil is happening based on how much green is in the frame.
I've read an article about that.
Apparently, the most evil scenes in Disney movies are the greenest.
Like "Be Prepared" in "The Lion King."
Did you see that there's a new Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
I know. I'm so happy they made another one.
I heard this was going to be the last one.
That's sad, but how long could Johnny Depp keep playing Jack Sparrow?
Forever! He's the kind of character that would still be great at 70.
Maybe. I do love Depp and Sparrow.
And it isn't like it is romance heavy.
True. Though at some point it has to end.
No, no it doesn't.
Yeah, you are right. Long live Jack Sparrow, even if he has to come back as a ghost.
Did you hear about Disney getting hacked in May?
No, what happened?
Some cyber thieves stole one of Disney's new movies coming out. They want a ransom in bitcoins, or they're going to post it on online for people to steal.
So is Disney paying the ransom?
No, they are insisting they won't pay ransom. Someone already stole 10 episodes of a Disney tv show and posted it online.
What movie did they steal?
Disney wasn't saying, but they had Pirates of the Caribbean and Cars 3 coming out soon.
I bet it was Pirates of the Caribbean. There would be a bigger audience for that than a kid's movie.
Probably. Johnny Depp's character in the Pirates movie is pretty popular.
They probably would like that it's a movie about pirates, stolen by online pirates.
I hear they are making a new Cinderella movie next year.
Really, is Disney doing that? That would be great.
I agree, she is one of my favorite characters.
Mine too, as well as Snow White.
Oh, yeah. I saw that movie at least ten times when I was a kid.
Me too, I could say every phrase before it was spoken.
Indeed, and the songs were always so nice.
Yes, they were. Wauw, a new Cinderella movie would really be fantastic.
Absolutely, I hope we get some more information soon.
Disney always makes great movies.
Hello buddy, I was watching tarzan movie this morning
hey, really? me too!
What was your favorite part of the movie?
I really enjoyed when Ted asked Tarzan to get an elephant hair
It was crazy. I couldn't believe he actually went for it!.
Crazy, no?. Another scene that I really loved was when Tarzan saved Kerchak by killing the jaguar.
Oh, I really loved it as well. Tarzan was so brave!
Definitively!. I think after that, Kerchak realized that Tarzan was part of their family.
I agree with you. It is a beautiful message delivered by the movie.
Yes, it is.We need to respect and love each other no matter how different we are.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
I like Pocahontas.
That is a good movie.  I love the songs in that one.
I do too. But I like that there is a message in the movie.
What is the message?
You know, be kind to the earth.
I guess I didn't figure that out when I saw the movie.
Yes remember the song Colors of the Wind?
Yes I love that song!
The song is about being kind to the earth and love!
Did you see the really old Disney version of A Christmas Tale?
No, I'm sure I didn't. What was it like?
Well it was essentially just an update of the Dickens story, except with Disney characters.
Ah, let me guess, Scrooge was Scrooge McDuck?
Obviously. And Mickey was Bob Cratchit.
Was that were Scrooge McDuck originated?
I have to assume so. The character is clearly a great fan of money.
Well he had to come from somewhere. And Duck Tales was just terrific.
Yeah, he was my favourite Disney character growing up.
Mine too. I so wanted to be one of those kids.
I love Peter Pan.
Me too. Are you watching it?
No but I watched it last night.
I wish I was Wendy Darling. Except I would stay in Neverland.
You should be Tinkerbell!
Yeah that's true.
I hate Captain Hook.
I think everyone does.
And the alligator!
I want to watch it now!
Have you ever head of the movie Bolt that Disney made?
That's the one about the dog who thinks it really has super powers but is just an actor for a show right?
Yup that movie.
Yeah I have and I have seen it too. It was alright.
It seems to be one of the less known movies they did I think.
True I never really heard much about it even when it first came out.
Still I feel like it was a good movie and John Travolta did a good job for the voice.
Yeah he was a good choice.
I think what made the movie the best was the banter between Bolt, Rhino and Mittens.
Yes, those guys antics were hilarious especially Rhinos.
I can't believe that there is going to be a toy story 4 movie.
Oh really?
Yes, Pixar is already working on it.
I can't wait, i loved the last one.
I know, it was awesome, but i don't really like how long these movies take to be released.
I totally agree with you there.
Do you think that we will be seeing the same characters again?
I hope so, it wouldn't be the same without them. I can't imagine a toy story without Woody & Buzz
Well, i guess we will wait a couple of years to find out.
It's going to be all worth it, believe me.
I heard that they're making live action versions of a lot of old Disney movies!
I heard that as well! I love the cartoon versions but can't imagine how they are going to re-create some of them.
Have you seen the most recent Beauty and the Beast?
No, I haven't but I would like to. I really like Emma Watson.
I wonder who they would cast for the live action Ariel in the Little Mermaid!
I have no idea! What about Sebastian the crab?
I don't know that either.  I was thinking maybe someone like Ariana Grande for Ariel. She has a lovely singing voice.
She could work... She would have to wear a red wig though. I bet the songs would be beautiful with her voice.
She sang a song on the Beauty and the Beast soundtrack.
Yes, I heard the song! It was great!
Bambi was the saddest Disney movie ever.
Saddest?  I don't know about that.
What movie was sadder than that?
I thought Up was pretty sad.
The difference there is Bambi's mom was murdered.  In Up, she just of being old.
That doesn't decrease the heartache.
I'm just saying, one is unexpected, the other is not necessarily so.
Both deaths were not expected.
Well, you have your opinion and I have mine.
I guess so.  Mine is the right one by the way.
My granddaughters favorite Disney Movie is Sleeping Beauty.
Really? Thant was a good movie.
She love Princess Aurora and Prince Philip.
I loved those little fairy ladies, what were their names?
Flora Fauna and Merriweather.
They were so cute.
Yes they were.
It was pretty scary when Princess Aurora touched the spindle of the spinning wheel.
That was scary.
That was a good movie.
Are you excited for the ne Cars 3 movie?
Not really. I didn't like the second one.
You didn't? I thought Cars 1 and 2 were great.
I really loved Cars 1. I don't know, maybe Cars 3 will be a good movie.
What did you not like about Cars 2?
It didn't really grab my attention as well as the first one.
I see. Well, I cannot wait to see Cars 3.
Are you excited for any other movies coming out?
Yes, I also can't wait for Wreck It Ralph 2.
Me neither! That is going to be a great movie!
I saw Beauty and The Beast, how do you feel about it?
I have not yet acquainted myself with the movie, however I am keeping up with the movie.
When do you think you'll see it, the beauty is really daring with the Beasts in the castle?
I know as I read about it, feeling it would be a good idea at the theater.
The Beast and the beauty's friendliness made them get along.
For sure the beauty has an intelligence.
What would you think to rate the movie unseen? I saw and rated it 5/5
As unseen I will rate it 4/5.
That is a good rating unseen, you might give it 7 out of 5 after you see it.
I am afraid I would not do that.
Did you see the live version of Beauty and the Beast?
Yes I did.
What did you think of it?
I thought it was really well done.
Me too, I was afraid they would mess it up.
I was too, but they kept it really similar to the cartoon version.
I thought the casting was excellent!
Oh, so did I.  Emma Watson was great as Belle.
I hope Disney does more live action movies based off of cartoons.
So do I, they're bringing back my childhood.
Hi
Hello
Whats up
Not much
Same Same
Wanna do something
Sure
We can watch some old Mickey Mouse movies
Sounds fun
I got all the old ones
I heard Cars 3 is releasing soon.
Yes, I read about it online.
I wonder how does the story take you in the latest flick.
Well, it sure will be full of humor and life lessons.
Any idea whether they are adding any new characters to the story?
I remember reading they are adding a new race car named Cruz Ramirez
What does Cruz do in the movie?
Well, obviously must be around to help McQueen.
Do you think it will be better than the previous two instalments?
I sure hope so and wish the movie does well.
Have you seen Moana yet?
I have! Isn't it great?
It was amazing! I loved the music.
What was your favorite song?
How Far I'll Go was easily my favorite.
So good! I did really like Maui's singing voice.
I was so surprised The Rock could sing that well!
Me too. Maui was my favorite character.
Mine was Heihei the chicken!
Such a goofy character!
Goofy sort of comes of as an outcast in my opinion which makes him worse than Donald.
How does that make sense
It makes plenty of sense
Because he is the only tall one?
Well their is that
That is not a reason to say he is worse
But it can be
Obvious you got no humor taste
I do too
Does not
What Disney movies are your favorite?
I love the Lion King and Snow White.
Me too but Frozen is my favorite.
Yes, I like how the love story is about sisterly love, not romantic.
I agree!  Anna is my favorite character.
I like Elsa.
What other Disney princess is your favorite?
Ariel, although I also love Mulan.
Yes she is a strong female character.
I like her because she is still strong.
Oh my god the first 15 minutes of UP is the most emotional I've ever been watching a Disney movie.
Yeah Ellie and Carl's relationship was just the best.
You know they should make a prequel to up that showcased Ellie and Carl's adventures when they were growing up.
I mean they kind of alluded to that and they actually did show a little bit.
Yeah but I could watch a whole movie about it!
Wouldn't it change your perspective now that you know that Charles Muntz is the bad guy?
Hmmm, maybe it would a little but I bet that Disney could find a way around that.
I think I'd like to see a sequel but with Russell as the father and he has a child of his own now.
They should make the child a little girl!
Yeah that'd be cool! And they could flashback to lessons and memories that he had with Carl.
Have you seen the Lion King?
Yes, It was a big part of my childhood. I loved Simba.
Simba was my favorite too! Were you scared of Scar?
Yes, Scar was the Worst. Have you seen the Little Mermaid?
Yes, I idolized Ariel growing up. What about you?
I wanted to be Ariel and marry Prince Eric. What is your favorite Disney character?
I love Rapunzel. What about you?
What did you love about Rapunzel? My favorite is Mickey.
Mickey is a classic. I wanted Rapunzel's hair.
Rapunzel does have some great hair.
Hey, do you like the Disney movie Tangled?
Are you kidding? It's my favorite movie! I love Rapunzel!
I do too! I love Flynn Ryder too. His story is so great. I'm glad he ends up happy and not a thief anymore.
Yeah. I think Rapunzel and Flynn go together well. He really helps her learn about who she is.
It's sweet how he takes her to see the floating lanterns, isn't it?
Yes. That's my favorite part. It's so romantic and the song they sing is such a great song.
I think the song in the Ugly Duckling with all the scary guys is my favorite. The one called I've Got A Dream.
Haha, yeah. It's funny to hear about all the characters dreams. They really put a lot of thought into that song.
I bet it was a fun movie to make. The animation was really great, too.
Yeah I love everything about the movie. The songs are so catchy and the story is so heart-warming.
Have you checked out Avengers?
Yes, with all those super heroes around, it was on my 'to watch' list before its release.
Well then good news for you, as Avengers: Infinity War is on the cards?
When does it release?
As per the initial reports around April 2018.
That seems to far and a long wait.
You haven't heard it all. It is a two-part movie.
What?!! Do part 1 and 2 release together?
No, so far I know only about part 1 releasing in April 2018
Reminds me of Harry Potter's last book and movies which were divided into two parts. A long wait then for part 2.
Hey! How do you feel about the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie coming out?
I don't know, I wish they would have stopped making them after the third movie because Keira Knightley and Orlando Bloom aren't even in the fourth movie.
True, I see your point. But they've really tried to revamp the whole storyline - especially by adding some Disney theme park rides featuring the Pirates of the Caribbean.
I get that. But I just don't think the movies beyond the third one are any good! They can't live up to the greatness of the first three movies.
So I need to find someone else to go the movies to see the latest one with, eh?
Probably, yes.
Alright, well, that's okay. What's your favorite most recent Disney movie?
I actually just watched Moana on Netflix today and enjoyed it. It was a bit short but overall a good storyline and it sure was pretty.
Oh good! I liked it, too!
Yeah, turns out I might still be a fan of some of the new Disney movies after all.
Their super old stuff was bad though
How was it bad
The animation was poor for one
That makes no sense
It was it looked bad
For the time it was great
But now it is not
Gotta judge it on the relative tech
Makes no sense
It makes perfect sense
I miss watching Lilo and Stitch, we should see it again some time.
Yes! I loved the music in it.
My favorite song was the one in the beginning when Lilo so was swimming and giving Pudge the fish a sandwhich.
I loved the amount of Elvis in there.
Can we talk about Nani though? She's such a lovely character.
I know right? She looks like an actual human being compared to the rest of Disney's animated women.
Not to mention that it's emphasized that her and Lilo's relationship isn't perfect.
Yeah, I can't imagine having to raise my own sibling at that age for either of them.
I can't imagine having to live with Stitch, Pleakly, and Jumba.
Haha, that's true.
What's your favorite Disney movie as an adult?
Whoo, interesting question, let me think, does Pixar movie count as Disney as well?
yea, Pixar belonged to Disney anyway
then It's definitely gonna be UP, you remember UP
yeah, a kid and an old man going on a special trip with a flying house
I can't believe I still remember it so vividly after so many years
me too. It's so heartwarming to see a couple getting old and love each other
yeah, I almost cried, it's the little sadness that reminds us the beatifulness in many things
that's a very reflective thought
I can't deny
What was your favorite Disney movie growing up?
The Lion King!
Oh, that's a good one.
Wait, I really liked The Little Mermaid too...
Yes, that one was my favorite- along with Aladdin.
A whole new world!!!
Hehe, the best karaoke song!
All those movies had the best songs to sing along to.
Right!? I used to have my sister write out the lyrics for me because back then it was only dial-up Internet.
Oh my gosh, we are so old.
What was the best of the modern Disney films?
I'd make a case for Finding Nemo.
That was a classic.
Truly. I think Albert Brooks really sold that movie.
He was awesome. But the whole cast was good.
Yeah, Willem Dafoe was Gill; he was excellent as always.
Right, and Allison Janey was Peach.
She has a very distinct voice.
That what makes for a great animated film. That and the writing.
It was some stirring stuff.
Hey, did you know there's a new Wreck-it_Ralph movie coming out?
Really? When is it coming out?
It should be coming out November of next year.
Do you know what it's going to be about?
You know how the premise of the last movie was Ralph traveling into other game worlds?
Yeah, is the next movie going to be something like that again?
In a way, only this time it will be Ralph traveling through the Internet.
Woah, I wonder how's that going to turn out?
We'll see when the first trailer come out.
Ugh, it feels so far away!
I think The Nightmare Before Christmas is one of Disney's scariest movies.
What? I loved the Nightmare before Christmas.
I think it's way too scary for kids.
I watched it as a kid and I might've been a little scared but it's not like I was scarred by it.
Didn't you find some of the characters to be a little unnerving, like the mayor or the doctor?
Well that's one of the main themes, is that things can be different but they don't necessarily have to cause fear.
How do you mean?
Well on halloween Jack is celebrated but when he tries to deliver Christmas presents he's met with fear.
I'd be afraid if he delivered my presents too! But the stop motion christmas scenes were pretty.
They were my favorite part!
Did you watch Cars or Cars 2?
Of course, who hasn't!
Heard Cars 3 is set to release around mid-July 2017!
Wow! I'm super excited about it, can't wait for it to release.
Same here, my family is looking forward to it.
I'm looking forward to Lightning McQueen's actions on the screen.
McQueen with Doc and Sally are fun to watch.
I wonder what kind of story is lined up in Cars 3.
Well, you don't have to wait long and it sure will be fun and entertaining.
Yes. Jotting down the date in my calendar for advance booking.
One Disney movie I really like but many don't seem to is The Lion King 2.
I know that movie. It's pretty good.
Yeah I actually prefer it more than the first one because I like the romance story between Kiara and Kovu.
It does seem to be more developed than Simba and Nala's romance.
Plus I like the actor who does Kovu's voice.
Who does Kovu's voice?
Jason Marsden. He is a pretty popular voice actor that does a lot of work for Disney shows and movies.
Oh I remember him. Didn't he do the voice for Max in A Goofy Movie?
Yeah that's him alright.
Cool. I liked that movie too a lot.
Have you seen Pinocchio?
Yes, but not since I was a kid.
What do you remember about it?
I remember how Pinocchio was a wooden puppet who was made real.
Well of course, what else?
When he would tell a lie his nose would grow.
Do you remember pleasure island?
Yes, those poor kids turned into donkeys.
I liked the part inside the whale, what about you?
The whale was scary, I liked the blue fairy.
Lets talk about disney movies
Awesome
I love cinderella
The classic?
Yes
My favorite classic is beauty and the beast
That one is so good too
They both find their princes
Exactly
Love them
You think Disney see girls, women or princesses as second rate citzens?
No, Disney is actually quite diverse with leading cartoon women.
How so and what Disney princesses do you mean?
There was Pocahantas who was a princess and Native American as well.
That's true but can you think of any other Disney princesses that shows their diversity?
Milan, she was the Asian princess right?
I didn't see that Disney movie. Who else you got?
Disney's first Black princess was named Tiana and played by Anika Rose.
I guess Disney movies have come a long way from their early stereotypical Jungle Book days.
Have you see the Disney movie that shows their first gay kiss?
Did you ever see the Disney movie version of The Sword in the Stone?
I think I did, but it's been years since I saw it.
I was just thinking about it the other day and how crazy it was.
I really don't remember much about it other than a scene where the characters turn into fish and sing a song.
I remember that! Do you remember the part where the characters are fighting and the witch turns into different animals?
I think so. It was such a fun movie from my recollection.
I think we should watch it soon. There aren't too many other movies like it out there.
I guess you're right. Not many movies have singing fish scenes these days.
I can't wait to see if it holds up to my childhood expectations!
We'll find out soon enough.
Did you ever see The Little Mermaid
No, never saw that one
Really? It was a good one back in the day.
I've heard that it was the one that relaunched all the Disney Animated movies
Yes, it had all the good elements and characters like the classic Disney movies
What are some of the examples?
Sebastian the singing crab, Flounder the side kick fish.
Hmm, not sure if that's my cup of tea
I think you'd like the songs. One is called Kiss the Girl.
Okay, maybe I'll check that one out.
Did you know that the Lion King is based on Hamlet?
Really? I've never heard that before.
I just found out the other day. It really puts things in perspective.
Yeah. I've never thought of it like that. So Simba would be Hamlet?
Yeah, exactly. And he mopes around and then comes to terms with taking revenge for his father.
On Scar or Claudius.
Right. It's amazing how Shakespeare plays still influence us today.
It is! Are there any other Disney movies like that?
Not that I know of, but I bet one or two have some influences!
I'll have to watch and look!
Have you seen the original Disney Cinderella?
Oh yes, it was one of my favorites as a little girl.
Mine too!  I really love the part where the mice make the dress for Cinderella.
Yeah, that was awesome.  Bibbity, Bobbity, Boo!
Yes, and the depiction of the evil step sisters is great.
I know.  I sing along to all the songs in that movie.
I used to, too!  Now I hear my children singing it while they're watching it.
That's so funny.  Mine do the same thing.
It was really the classic love story.
It was the ultimate princess movie.
Do you remember your first animated Disney movie growing up?
It's hard to recall, but I think it was either the 1938 Snow White and the Seven Dwarves or the 1942 Bambi. What about yourself?
Probably either One Hundred and One Dalmatians or The Sword in The Stone.
Sword in the Stone and Robin Hood were, and still are, among my favorite.
Mine also. Really need to go back and watch some of these Disney classics.
After binge watching Once Upon a Time I've had an itch to do the same. Probably start with Sleeping Beauty or Peter Pan.
Peter Pan is another personal favorite, and I loved Robin Williams portrayal of Peter in Hook.
Hook was great and I'm still heartbroken about Robin Williams passing away. Still fondly remember seeing him in Flubber in theaters with the family.
That's awesome! Think the only live action Disney movie I've seen in theaters, besides a Star Wars or Marvel Comics one, was One Hundred and One Dalmatians.
Another nicely done live action Disney film. I was tickled to death when I found out the actors who played Gregory House and Arthur Weasley were in it!
What do you think of the older disney animation films?
Like how old? Original mickey mouse on the steamboat old?
I meant more the feature length films like snow white, cinderella, sleeping beauty era.
I like them still but they are very different form current ones.
Yes they are. They seem slower paced to me.
I think they may have been indeed. I like the music in them most.
That is something that is the same great scores from disney films.
So many iconic ones to be inspired by.
Well look even the soundbite Disney uses at the start of ilms is from pinnochio isn't it?
I think so... I believe it is, when you wish upon a star.
I remember when I was about ten I went to see The Incredible Journey in the movie theater with my parents.
I remember that. The one with the dogs and the cat?
Yes, they got separated from their owners, I think they were moving .
Yes and I think they were lost in the Canadian Wilderness.
They were. They had a lot of obstacles to overcome to get home.
I remember the cat getting lost or something.
Yes the cat did but in the end the cat found his or maybe it was a her way home.
I remember they all did make it home.
I think it is really similar to Milo and Otis.
Yes it is, that is probably the newer version.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
My favorite Disney movie is 101 dalmatians, the original one.
Who is your favorite character in that movie?
Oddly enough it was Kuala Deville who is yours?
It's so funny she's evil witch.   I thought she was very very scary.  My favorite character was that little dog name patch.
All the Little  dogs were so cute in that movie they did such a good job on that movie.
What's your favorite scene in the movie.
My Favorite scene in the movie was when they were walking up the creek so they didn't leave footprints.   What is your favorite scene.
I really just like when they showed all the dogs on top of the hill at the end.
Oh yes I agree the ending was absolutely perfect!
I love your Moana t-shirt! Did you love that movie?
Yes, even my boys love to watch it and they already know all of the songs and sing along.
How cute! Yes, those songs are catchy....like the songs from Frozen!
Which Disney princess is your favorite?
I love Aurora from Sleeping Beauty. She was always the one I wanted to be growing up.
Really? I thought you were more of a Pocohantas type, a free spirit. Like, running through the woods barefoot and stuff.
I remember watching Pocohontas in the theatres and collecting the figurines from Happy Meal toys.
Are you going to see Cars 3?
I don't think we will go see it in the theatres, I can't get the kids to really pay attention to the Cars movies, but definitely when it comes out on video.
We are planning to see it this week. I hope it will be good! I love hearing Owen WIlson's voice as Lightning McQueen.
I finally saw the new Beauty and Beast movie.
The cartoon?
No, the live action one.
What did you think of the movie?
I liked the acting.
What about the music?
I thought they had a bit too much music.
It was a musical.
Well, even too much for a musical.
I loved the whole thing.
I hope you saw Disney's Inside Out.
Yep I did. Good right?
Yeah, so clever. How did they come up with the premise.
Guess they wanted to explain emotions to kids.
But the representation was so interesting.
Very clever and unique. I'm glad they did it.
Its a good movie for kids.
Positive, too. So kids can understand.
That they are in control and that feelings are good.
Yeah it had an uplifting message.
I used to have some respect for disney.
Oh, tell me about it, these live action remakes are soul killing.
Beauty and the beast was just awful.
I really hope they quit this trend.
You know they wont.
Yeah, I shouldnt hold my breath.
I hope they at least leave mulan alone.
Oh man that was my favorite movie!
They are going to ruin it for sure.
I just can't deal.
The seaweed is always greener, in somebody else's lake.
You dream about going up there, but that is a big mistake.
I love the Little Mermaid, its one of my favorite movies.
Oh, I know, I've seen it about 100 times. Ursula still gives me goose bumps.
What's your favorite song from the Little Mermaid?
"Look at this stuff.... isn't it neat.... wouldn't you think my collection's complete... "
That's my favorite song too.
I know all the songs from the movie, I love all of them
What's your favorite scene from the little mermaid?
The part where Scuttle explains the human tools all wrong... hilarious
Frozen is a really good disney movie.
It sure is.
My kids have watched it over and over again.
Mine too.
I am actually getting a little tired of it.
Yes and all they talk about and want are Anna and Elsa toys.
Yes I know. Disney makes a fortune off their movies.
They do.
My other favorites are Cinderella and Snow White.
Yes they are timeless classics!
Have you seen Moana?
I have not. Have you?
No. But I want to. It looks really good.
Do you know the premise behind it?
Not exactly. I think it has to do with her wanting to be on the ocean.
I've heard the songs from it. They are really good but not as good as frozen.
I don't know.  I personally think they are better, we just haven't heard them as much.
Yeah, Frozen was wverywhere for awhile.
I think it helped that they had a Broadway star singing the main song.
Oh true. Idina Menzel was amazing!
So many people know Disney for their princess movies, but other ones are great as well.
I know what you mean. I really liked The Lion King, for instance.
Yes, that one is such a classic! I'd say it is one of my favorites, especially since James Earl Jones voices Mufasa.
Did you know that it is based on Shakespeare's play Hamlet?
I hadn't heard that before. But now that I think about it, it makes sense.
Yes, since his father Mufasa is dead and his uncle Scar tries to take over.
You know, I really enjoyed the sequels to The Lion King as well.
Which one did you like better, The Lion King 2 or The Lion King 1 1/2?
I liked The Lion King 1 1/2. Timon and Pumbaa are hilarious, and I like the whole concept of seeing their side.
Yeah, it was funny how it was like they were watching the movie with us.
Chicken Little was just an okay movie. Did you ever see that one?
Yes. You are right though.
I mean it had cute characters but the whole boy who cried wolf story. I don't know.
I know.
I didn't recognize any of the voices except for Joan Cusack.
I didn't even know she was in it.
I'm sure there were other stars we'd know, but I couldn't tell.
Did your kids like the movie?
Well they watched it, but not over and over.
Well then I guess they agree with you.
Darby O'Gill and the Little People is so underrated!
It was a pretty fantastic film.
Sean Connery sings!
You can't top that!
Did he do any other Disney?
Not that I am aware of.
That was really the golden age of Disney.
I agree. Grew up on all those old films.
Me too. Disney should get back to their roots.
They're making too much money now.
Have you seen Brave?
Yes
That little girl was so selfish
It had a good ending though
It did
But i did feel really bad for the mom
I know
Her as a bear broke your heart
It really did
Im glad the ending was happy
I just saw Old Yeller.
The old Disney classic?
Yes, 1957.
Who directed it?
Robert Stevenson
Who played the little boy?
Arliss was played by Kevin Corcoran.  Scene stealer.
Right.  Who was the older boy?
Tommy Kirk.
I saw him in Shaggy Dog.  Those were the days.
Did you ever see Treasure Planet?
What an amazing film!
Truely. Martin Short has never done better.
Who was he?
The robot.
That was a funny character.
Who played Silver?
I'm not sure, but he did a heck of a job.
A movie is only as good as its villian.
Too true.
What is your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Silly as it sounds it has to be the Lion King.
That is a classic, I know a lot of people who love that movie.
We watch it all the time at my house. Even though I have seen it a million times I still cry when Mufasa dies.
I don't think it would make me cry but that part is sad when Simba is left all alone.
At least he finds Timon and Pumbaa to help him and show him family.
My favorite part is when they sing Hakuna Matata, Disney movies always have the best soundtracks.
I agree. The music makes the movie, it wouldn't be the same without it.
I love how they did the Lion King 1 1/2 it was funny from Timon and Pumbaa's point of view.
Yeah, it was funny seeing things from their perspective instead of the lions side.
The new Descendants movie is coming out soon.
I heard. We liked the first one.
Not sure where they will go with this one.
Maybe there will be more focus on the Island of the Lost?
True, that was not the focus of the first movie.
I felt like it was really popular at my house but overall I am not sure how many people got into it.
Well, I know we will have to go and see it!
Us too.
I hope the music is just as good as it was in the first one.
Rotten to the Core was a great song.
Why do you think so many of the Disney Princess always have a tragic back story?
Like Belle losing her mom?
Do not even get me started on her story.
Why not?
She is kidnapped, then falls in love. It is nuts.
Yeah, but he changes.
Not enough, he was going to kill her dad.
I think it is a beautiful film.
It is better than the girl from Tangled feeling bad for her actual kidnapper.
Ok, that is true that was a bit out there.
Judy Hopps is a true feminist
really?
yeah, zootopia is about feminism! it's also about equal rights for people of color
you really think disney is that deep?
yeah, i do! they always have been. the proof is in the pudding
i guess it does have a lot of scenes that could be about feminism, but it seems more about believing in yourself
don't the two go hand in hand?
i guess...
the reason more women don't believe in themselves is because we don't have enough feminism!
so i guess it's a good thing we have judy hopps
What are some underrated Disney movies?
I actually have a few I loved as a kid.
I only know the more famous ones.
There was one called "The Sword in the Stone".
I never seen it.
It was about Arthur, from the Camelot legend, but as a kid.
Did it have Merlin?
It did. He was more like the Genie in Alladin, a magical time traveler etc.
So they copied Alladin?
No, it came out like fifty years before Alladin.
With the new Beauty and the Beast movie out, did you happen to re-watch the original Disney animated version again?
Yes, I did. I had too. I wanted to compare the two movies.
Me too. I loved the Disney animated movie better.
So did I. I think Belle was my favorite character out of them all.
Oh, really? I always liked Chip and Mrs. Potts the best.
Did you like Gaston's character?
Well, not really. I think he was kind of a boring character.
At the end, Gaston was the one who died right?
Yeah, he fell off the wall of the castle when he tried to kill the beast.
Oh, yeah. I forgot what had happened in his final scene.
Have you seen the Queen of Katwe yet from Disney?
No but I heard it was really good.
Yeah it was a different kind of movie for them.
I think it was based on a true story too.
I think it was. I still haven't seen Finding Dory yet.
Oh me neither but I heard it will make you cry.
I heard the same thing. Finding Nemo definitely did.
That's a classic. My kids wanted a clown fish after seeing it.
Oh that's cute. Ellen Degeneres did a good job of playing Dory.
Yes she's hilarious, I love her in anything she does.
I saw Pollyanna last night.
The old Disney movie?  I saw it as a kid.  When was it released?
1960.
Who was in it?
Hayley Mills from Te Parent Trap.
Cool.  Who else was in it?
Jane Wyman and Karl Malden.
Who directed it?
Philip Kaufman.
It was a fun movie.
So which do you think was sadder, The Lion King or Bambi?
Wow, tough questions! They're both tear-jerkers.
I feel like in The Lion King it's more unexpected when Simba's father dies.
Maybe so, but both of them make you cry.
They're both great movies, too.
The animation in The Lion King is a lot more sophisticated.
True, but Bambi is still worth watching.
Oh, definitely! And Thumper is still funny.
Honestly, the two movies have a lot in common.
They're both about nature, and about the circle of life.
Did you see the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
oh yes I did! It was absolutely amazing, and the songs and the special effects were awesome.
Yes, I thought so too! I saw it in the theater when it first came out.
I think I will buy the DVD now that it's out. I really liked the part where Lumiere was singing "Be Our Guest".
Yes! That part of the movie was my absolute favorite also.
Belle's dress was beautiful too. If I ever have a little girl I would totally do a Beauty and the Beast theme nursery.
That would be nice. You could always do a Beauty and the Beast theme wedding?!
Hey good point, I never thought of that. That would make a really nice classy theme, I love everything about that Disney movie.
Okay, well when we meet the man of our dreams, lets have a double wedding. A Beauty and the Beast theme, in front of the Disney Castle.
I'd go for that. Yes I saw they do weddings now in front of the Disney Castle in Florida, and Beauty and the Beast would be a perfect theme!
Did you see the third lion king?
No I did not. Did you?
Yeah I saw it.
How was it?
I do not recommend it at all.
Yeah I figured it would not be that great of a movie.
It is no where near as good as the first.
I will make a note not to see it.
Have you seen the musical of the lion king?
Oh yeah it was great.
Who  is your favorite character in Aladdin?
It would have to be the genie.
Why the genie?
He has a lot of personality.
Do you have a favorite song from the movie?
I loved the song with Prince Ali.
Mine was A Whole New World because it was romantic.Did you find the movie to have a good romance story line?
I did.
Do you think the genie should be set free?
Yes!!!!!
you know the part in mulan when they find out she's a girl?
yeah, i do!
that's a really deep part. they literally throw her in the snow!
and she's injured, yeah. that is pretty terrible
they only did it because she was a woman. when she was a man, a wounded war vet they were taking care of her
people don't care about women
they don't. they really don't
she's the best fighter in the team, too
i guess it's fine. by the end of the movie they realize
and then she kicks butt, yeah!
Did you watch The Santa Clause?
Yes I love Tim Allen movies.
I loved how close they made him look to Santa.
Yeah it was funny and odd to see him that big.
The effects they must have had to use.
I dont think it was effects, just alot of makeup.
Did you catch the sequel?
No I liked the original too much
I believe they even did a third one.
I think that is going a bit too far.
DId you like the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
I'm not really sure! I love the original so much.
I know what you mean. That movie is my childhood.
I really loved the way it looked though. I also loved all the background that you got in the new film that you didn't get in the original.
I agree. The background on her mom was pretty cool.
I also thought the enchanted objects of the palace were beautiful but I kind of missed the animation.
But, the live action movie had Emma Watson!
I know! I liked it. Really, I did. But, I will always like the original better.
I think I liked the live action one better.
I totally get that.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
I really love The Little Mermaid.
Oh, I grew up watching that! I love the music.
Me too, I still know all the words to Under the Sea.
I used to think I was a mermaid like Ariel. Do you like other Disney movies from the time?
I think so -- like Beauty and the Beast?
Yes, or Aladdin?
I don't care for Aladdin, but I really liked Beauty and the Beast.
Yes, I think Beauty and the Beast is great. Have to seen the remake?
No, I haven't. But I plan to when it comes out on DVD.
What Disney Movies have you seen recently?
I saw Princess Diaries 2.
Oh isn't Raven in that movie?
Yes she is.
How is she in it?
I think she does a great job but her character is so minor.
Is the Lily character in it?
Yes she is briefly in it for a short period of time.
Do you recommend the movie?
Oh for sure, definitely. It is totally amazing!
What is your favorite Disney movie?
I love Mulan.
I do too! How good is Eddie Murphy in it?
He is too funny!
And I love that there is so much female empowerment in the film.
Yes, women really can do anything.
Speaking of female empowerment, what did you think about Moana?
It was phenomenal, especially the music!
Oh yeah, the songs were fantastic.
I also love her grandmother. She is a hilarious free spirit!
I love the movie Snow White.
Me too, aren't the dwarfs adorable?
yes they are, my favorite is Doc.
I really like Grumpy.
And the old witch with the apple is great!
Yes she is. Take a bite of my apple dearie!
Snow White was so pretty even though she is animated!
Yes, and the house they all lived in was so cute
Yes. The music was great as well.
I agree.
Which is your favorite Disney Movie?
It´s called a Goffy Movie.
Really? I have not heard about it. What is is about?
It´s about Goofy´s son in his teen years.
Oh wow! That sounds interesting. What happens in the movie.
He falls in love and is trying to impress a girl.
Why is it called a Goofy Movie?
Because Goofy is still Goofy and he sometimes messes his son life.
But does it have a happy ending?
It does! I recommend it, it has a touchy moment with his dad and he gets the girl.
What do you think about Disney making all the classics with live people?
I am not sure. I mean I LOVE the orginals!
They did the Jungle Book and Beauty and the Beast so far and they have done well.
I agree but it feels like they are just trying to make some easy money.
I heard they are going to do Aladin.
I heard that too. I don't think they should because Robin Williams is the only person who can play Genie.
I agree that he made the entire movie.
It is hard to do that now with him being dead.
Well maybe they will find an acceptable replacement.
No one can fill his shoes.
I think all of my favorite Disney movies have animals as the main characters.
Really? That's strange. Like which?
Well, when I was a kid I really loved One Hundred and One Dalmatians.
I remember that one clearly too! It has such a great villain.
Yeah. Cruella DeVille is a pretty great name, even.
It's funny to think that it's even set in England.
Disney seems so American to me, it's hard for me to wrap my head around it too.
As a kid I couldn't even really conceptualize it.
I'm glad they picked that setting though. We even had Hugh Laurie play a character in the live action remake!
Now that was a great casting choice!
Wasnt Maleficent based on a Disney character?
Of course it was
Wasnt it Snow White?
No it was Sleeping Beauty
Oh ok, Angelina Jolie as a villain was bizarre
It was and I thought the movie was a little boring.
Really? I didnt think it was bad
The box office numbers supported my belief.
Yeah usually Disney movies with stars always work out
I just dont think people really wanted to see her in it.
monsters inc. was so good!
true. and they easily had one of the best sequels!
do you think it's because it was a prequel?
maybe! either way, i loved seeing their college years
it was so cool to see how their dynamic was set up over the years
yeah, the friendship aspect of the movie is so cool and important!
it really is, though
i weirdly kind of like randall
that is weird. he's the villain, he sucks!
but he sucks so well...
Do you know what new Disney movies are coming out?
Um, I can't remember. I remember Frozen was an OK one, but I was never a big fan of singing in movies.
Hmm, that's probably why we haven't ever talked about Disney movies before.
Oh, there's The Good Dinosaur! That one got good reviews. Is there singing, though?
If there's only one song, would you still see it? We could go see it this weekend!
I guess I could suffer through it, just because you're my friend!
What do you want to see if that one is sold out? My only rule is that it has to be a Disney movie.
What about Zootopia? I'm up for animated animals in a big city any day!
I think that one is a couple of months old. What about Finding Dory?
Yes! I loved Finding Nemo, I think I'd love Finding Dory too!
Do you like the movie the Little Mermaid?
Yes one of my all time favorites.
I know the music sparked the Disney Renaissance.
Alan Menken is a genius composer.
These songs are so memorable.
I love Under The Sea and Part of Your World.
Sebastian the crab is hilarious.
I love his Jamaican accent.
Ursula has great songs too.
Her voice is so sultry and deep.
I know Disney is known for its happy themes, but there are surprisingly disturbing moments.
You're right.  Which one is most disturbing for you?
I remember there was the Stegosaurus that was killed explicitly by a T-Rex in 'Fantasia.'
I know that scene.  That one was really disturbing to me too when I first saw it.
Do you have a particular one that comes to mind?
For me, it was when Scar kills Mufasa.
The fact that Mufasa was trampled by a herd was too graphic for me as a child.
It still makes me really sad to this day.
As sad as many of these scenes are, I think they add depth to these movies.
True, they are stronger movies for them.
Did you have a favorite Disney movie growing up?
Hmm, I had a lot of favorites. What was yours?
Mine was Lion King.
Lion King is a classic. I don't know if it's my favorite though.
Well, what is your favorite then?
I liked Mulan and The Little Mermaid.
Yeah, Mulan is one of the best.
My new favorite is Princess and the Frog.
I like that one too!
I'll never get enough of these movies.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
I really like Mulan.
Me too! I love the story of Mulan.
Same, I think it's amazing how she is a Disney princess that is a warrior.
I like the message that women can do whatever they set their minds to, as well.
Yes, she definetely challenges gender roles in the movie and I think that's amazing.
Did you ever see the sequel to Mulan?
Yeah, I thought Mulan 2 was cute too but nowehere near the original!
Agreed, she's a great role model for children though.
Yes, what a great princess.
What is your favorite old school Disney film?
The Little Mermaid. It was my favorite growing up.
I loved that film.
You "loved" it? What happened?
I still love the music and all, but the message is sort of not my style anymore.
What do you mean?
Well, I'm a much bigger fan of the Disney films that show more women who are empowered and don't need a man.
Like Mulan and Moana?
Exactly. So The Little Mermaid has been overshadowed for me.
That makes a lot of sense.
Which is better, Atlantis or Treasure Planet?
Oh, Atlantis for sure.
I have to disagree. I much preferred Treasure Planet.
Atlantis was so much cooler! They had all the technology.
They had technology on Treasure planet. So much tech.
But Atlantis had the cool blue glow, and the folklore.
The characters were much more likeable in Treasure Planet.
There were evil characters in both movies you can't base it off of that.
Treasure planet is still my favorite.
You can think that, but Atlantis is better.
Anna and Elsa are awesome. I love that sisterly love they have.
I wouldn't know, I've never had a sister. I was an only child.
Did you ever want a sister or a brother?
Sometimes, but, usually, I was okay with just being an only child and having my cousins and my friends.
I love my sister. I can't imagine not having her in my life. I would feel horrible if we had to be separated.
I probably would, too, had I a sister. I do know what love feels like, that's pretty universal.
Sometimes I like to be by myself, but I still want to be close to her.
So, would you be more of an Elsa or an Anna?
Anna, totally. I may be the older one, but I don't think I'm that mature.
I think you are.
Have you seen any good Disney movies lately?
Yeah I saw Pirates of the Caribbean.
I love Johnny Depp in that movie.
He is really a great pirate in that movie.
I also love Kiera Knightley in that movie.
She is also very good.
What did you think of Orlando Bloom's character?
He was also decent in it.
I havent seen the others but I would like to.
Same.
What do you think is the best Disney song?
'I'll Make a Man out of You,' from Mulan.  Musically, it is the best written song.
That's a great choice.  Mulan was also my favorite movie overall.
Likewise.  It was empowering to women, and also the first Disney movie with such a big Asian cast.
Now that you mention it, Disney really didn't have that much Asian representation.  I hope they do so more.
I hope so too.  Representation matters, and I'm glad Disney is at least making an effort.
Who was your favorite character?
Mooshoo was so funny to me as a kid.
As an adult, I still find him funny.
Eddie Murphy was the perfect person to voice Mooshoo.
Do you think any disney movies are overrated?
Definetely, quite a few actually.
I think Cinderella is, honestly.
Yes! Thank you.
Yeah, I just feel like it's not THAT good of a story, you know?
Totally, I also don't really like Sleeping Beauty.
Agreed, it's overplayed.
Yes, just like music!
We are particular on Disney movies, aren't we?
Just a tad, but there's a lot to critique.
I think I want to dress up as one of the Disney Princesses for Halloween.
Which one?
I'm not sure, yet.
Well, which one's your favorite?
I can't just go with that! I want to make sure it's one I actually look like.
It doesn't matter, you can make your own version! People are always putting their own spin on things, "steampunk" this and "modern" that.
I guess I could, but I'm really not that good at sewing or costuming or whatever.
I'll help you. We can work on our costumes together and ours will be the best.
You think we could use them to enter the contest? I don't know about getting up on stage.
We'll do it together, trust me. I'll make mine go with yours and we'll go up there as a team.
I just saw Beauty and the Beast.
The Emma Watson movie?
No, the animated version from 1991.
I saw that as a kid.  Who was Belle?
Paige O'Hara.
There were some cool voices I recall.
Angela Lansbury, David Ogden Stiers, and Jerry Orbach.
From Law and Order?  Wow.
I loved the songs.
I loved Be Our Guest.
Tron was such a disappointing movie.
They put huge marketing dollars behind it too.
I think Jeff Bridges was the only big name actor they used.
Even he had a tough time with the acting.
Thats kind of crazy he has such a good career.
I think the visual effects were boring as well.
The story all in all was a bit weak.
I think that the whole digital world concept is tired.
Yeah I would agree with you on that.
And it didnt have a plot beyond what they had written. No development of any characters.
They need to do Sword in the Stone as a live action.
I doubt they'll do it.
Why do you say that.
King Arthur just came out.
But that happens all the time.
What?
One type of movie is released, then a dozen more just like it crop up.
True. They might do it.
Seems like they're doing everything else.
That would be a good one to bring back.
I was watching Cars the other night, my favorite is still Sally.
I'm more partial to Doc. That scene where he puts on his old race tires and is my favorite.
That's when Lightening realizes that he was in the presence of greatness.
It was. The colors in that part of the film were amazing, and the blue on Doc, well...it reminded me so much of Paul Newman's eyes.
I just loved seeing Doc on the stand, at the race.
My favorite part in that scene was when Mator finally said goodbye.
Red, Lizzy and Sally gathered around that old black and white tv was adorable. I think they stayed behind for Lizzie.
I do too. She is a great character, I liked when she slapped that bumper sticker on Lightening.
Me too! And, when she said goodnight to Stanley.
That was sad and sweet at the same time.
I could watch Tangled every day of my life!
It is such an underrated movie!
I am Rapunzel! I just need the magical hair now.
Could you imagine having magical hair!
And having Flynn Rider being your boyfriend?
His smolder is the greatest.
And having little Pascal as a buddy.
I love the lantern scene when they are in the boat.
My favorite is when she is reunited with her family.
Yes, such a happy moment.
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Aladdin, you?
Mine too! What was your favorite part?
When they take the magic carpet ride.
yea that was awesome, it had some great voice actors too.
It sure did, Robin Williams was my favorite.
I agree, but it Gilber Godfrey as Iago comes as a close second.
What an annoying voice, he was perfect for that role.
Yea, and so was Robin Williams as the genie.
He really sold that role.
Have you ever seen Aladdin?
Yes, why?
What's the deal with the genie?
What do you mean?
Why does he make '80s references if it's in the past?
That's a good question .
I know, right?
Maybe its not set in the past, maybe it's the future.
Mind blown.
You're welcome
Can you recommend a good Disney movie for me?
Yes, Peter Pan.
I've never seen that one.
It is pretty old, but it is an iconic Disney movie.
What happens in it?
Peter takes Wendy and her family to Neverland.
What happens there?
Peter fights the wicked Captain Hook.
Oh, that sounds awesome.
Yeah, and there is an alligator that lives in the water. He is scary.
Do you think they should do another Alladin?
No i think that was a classic
I agree thats why they should do a 2nd one.
They would have already done that
True but you can always go back to the well.
The genie voice would not be the same.
Thats true, maybe they could get someone who sounds like him.
I bet most of his script was ad-libbed.
I agree you are probably right.
He was such a great voice actor.
Did you see the new, live action Beauty and the Beast movie?
Yes I did! I loved it!
Same! I think they did an awesome job following the cartoon.
Yeah, and Emma Watson was a great choice for Bell.
I agree. I found it interesting that they made Le Fou openly gay in this movie.
It's great to see Disney being so progressive and showing gay characters!
Yes, though I know a lot of people are very upset by it.
Oh well, they don't have to watch it then. But they will miss out on some great songs and dances!
Right?! The choreography is so well done!
And the costumes worked so well!
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Pinocchio for sure.
Why, what was so great about that movie?
Are you kidding me? It was a classic that demonstrated the struggles of a growing boy turning into an adolescent.
I heard the original was a lot darker.
Me too, I know Pinocchio kills Jepetto in the original story.
Yea but this is a Disney movie, they couldn't do that.
No way! Imagine the backlash, they are known for having happy endings.
I think that's why people watch Disney movies, to feel better about their lives.
I just find enjoyment in them.
Have you ever seen disney's rescuers down under?
Yes, I feel like it is often forgotten about completely.
I was going to say that, funny.
I love the mouse that reminds of zsa zsa gabor.
I think she may have voiced that role, no?
That would make sense so much alike.
Or rather one in the same. I liked the kangaroo.
He was a good guy. The seagull was really funny too.
Interesting disney uses seagulls in that way in The little mermaid too!
Never thought of that before, but true scuttle is also very funny.
Have you ever watched a Disney movie on a projection screen?
No, why?
I watched Frozen on it
Did it look different?
No not at all , just bigger.
Well I figure its an animation film.
Yeah so it doesnt really make a difference.
I love the singing in that movie.
I think the actors did a great job.
I cant wait to see if they do another one.
So, what did you think of Frozen?
Oh, I liked it, especially from an artistic point of  view
What do you mean?
Well, I'm a bit of  CG buff myself, so I thought all the effects and animations was terrific!
Hey, neat fact, did you know in the original script Elsa was supposed to be the villain?
Yeah, I heard that.  I think it was because it was originally based on The Snow Queen story for Hans Christian Andersen, and the Queen's the villain in that one as well.
Now, as much as I liked the film there were a few things I would have changed.
Like what?
Well, I thought the Trolls were pretty pointless... they could replaced them with the characters getting info from a magic book and nothing would be different.
Ahhh.. but they were so funny!  "I grew a mushroom!"
Do you think Jack Sparrow is getting too old?
What do you mean?
In the most recent movie, he looked... old.
Yeah.  People age.
You know what I mean.  It seems like Johnny Depp is just getting a bit old.
He's like 50-something.  Of course he's going to look older.
I was just expecting him to do more stunts and stuff.
When you're 50, I doubt you'll be jumping around.
I'll be sitting on my couch watching Johnny Depp do it instead.
Oh brother.
Did you ever watch Mulan?
Yes, I watched Mulan years ago.
I wanted to be just like Mulan when I grew up. I wanted to be tough and pretty like she was.
Yes, but it was Eddie Murphy doing the part of Mushu that really made the show.
He was so funny and when he broke the head of the Great Dragon, I laughed till I cried.
Yes, his job was to try to help bring honor to the family but he did not always help her.
No, remember the scene where he was "helping" Mulan think up a name for herself.
Yes, and Chi-Fu makes the comment about no wonder General Li never spoke of a son.
I did like the part where she finally figured out how to climb to the top of the pole.
That was the part that showed that intelligence could play more of a role than just physical toughness.
Do you like to watch Disney moves?
Of course, they are some of the best movies out there!
Are you familiar with The Incredibles?
Yes, I watched the first one and it was great.  My kids loved it!
Have you heard about the sequel?
No, are they making a part 2?
Yes, but it's coming out in 2019.
That's so far away!
Yeah, it's a long ways away but at least the kids have something to look forward to.
This is true, my kids will be pleased.
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie with Emma Watson?
I haven't, but I liked the animated version.
The animated version was pretty good, the real to life one is better though.
What other Disney movies do you like?
101 Dalmations is my favorite. I'm an animal lover.
That's a great movie. I love Pongo and Perdita.
The puppies are so cute. Especially Roly, the chubby one.
I liked the twilight bark, when the dogs came together to save the puppies.
Cruella Deville is a nasty villain.
The movie kept you on the edge of your seat. For being animated, it was really good.
I feel like all of Disney's direct to DVD sequels are a waste of time.
What do you mean? The company certainly profits from them.
Yeah, but it should be about more than the money; the story should mean something.
Well, there must be one good direct to DVD sequel.
Cinderella's are terrible, Bambi's aren't very good, Aladdin's are just average, Belle's was terrible and so was Ariel's, so.
Yes, but wasn't the Rescuers Down Under a sequel?
Oh, I forgot about that one! Isn't that the one where they're in Australia?
Yes, and they help the little boy and there's an eagle.
Okay, you have a point, that one is really good.
I loved Miss Bianca and Bernard, they were so cute!
Have you seen the new Disney movie that came out?
Which one?
Moana, I think is what is called.
Oh no I havent seen it yet.
Me either. I was hoping to get your input on it.
Yea. sorry I am no help.
That's ok. I bet it is great and it gives a perspective in to the Polynesian way.
Yea. I like that.
I will just have to see it.
Me too.
have you seen pinocchio?
of course, its a classic.
so what was the deal when pinocchio went off to school
what do you mean?
its kind of strange, at one point he goes off where a bunch of boys get turned into donkeys
oh yeah, that was crazy
they never really address what happens to the rest of the boys after they are turned into donkey
that is kind of weird.
a lot of the parts of the movie are strange like that. later he goes to bottom of the ocean to get gepetto out of a whale
i never really thought about it
What's your favorite Disney movie?
The Little Mermaid.
Really?
Yes, I had a friend who was obsessed with it when we were in the third grade, and it rubbed off on me.
I like Aladdin myself. I thought it had the catchiest songs.
All the animated movies from that time period were great. They don't call it the Disney Renaissance for nothing.
That's true.
What did you think of the Rescuers Down Under?
That was a pretty good one, but unfortunately forgotten a bit since it came between Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast.
I agree with that.
Did you ever watch Tarzan?
Of course, that movie was a classic.
It was interesting seeing the clash of Tarzan and Jane.
What do you mean by clash?
Well, Tarzan was from the forest while Jane was a normal person.
They do say that opposites attract.
I've seen alot of romantic movies but this one was special.
I always watch Tarzan every now and then.
The Jungle theme was so well put out.
It really added a mystique to the movie.
Who is your favorite Disney Princess?
It is hard for me to choose but I think I like Belle the best. And you?
I like Ariel. I think it is the songs in The Little Mermaid that I like best.
They do get stuck in your head!
Yes, but I think that it was is great about Disney movies. The songs!
With the new Beauty and The Beast movie out I am definately hearing those songs floating around again.
Why do like Belle?
She seems content with very little. Just makes herself happy. Why do you like Ariel?
She is also very happy with very little, she collects trash!
I guess they are very similar!
I miss old-school Disney animation.
I can see that. Which do you mean?
Stuff like The Little Mermaid or 101 Dalmatians.
You're right. No cartoon films look like that anymore.
I like their 3D stuff, but I just miss the classics.
There is something to be said for appreciating the old way of doing something.
I can't even remember the last time I saw an animated film that wasn't all 3D.
Even the ones I have seen look like they were all done with computers.
I miss that hand-wrought style of the 80s and 90s.
I wonder if Disney will ever go back to it!
Did you ever see Aladdin?
Yes, that's probably my favorite Disney movie of all time.
I love the songs in that one.
Me too, which one is your favorite?
I love "A Whole New World."
Yeah, that's my favorite too. Which character do you like the most? I like Abu.
I like the Genie the best. I miss Robin Williams.
Yeah, he was outstanding in that role. It's a shame he didn't appear in the sequels.
Yeah, the sequels to Aladdin were okay, but nothing was quite like the original.
Agreed. Aladdin is definitely the best of the best.
Do you like Disney Movies?
What kind of question is that?
I dont know I know a few people that don't like them at all.
I love them!
Which one is your favorite?
I love all of the princess movies.
I really like snow white.
All of the drarves were so cute in that movie
But that witch was so so horrible.
Oh i know! How dare she poison snow white!
Do you know what Disney movie I've always disliked?
What one?
The Little Mermaid. It drives me insane.
Oh no. Why is that?
I hate that Ariel gives up her mermaid life for a man.
Yeah, that's quite the sacrifice. Who wouldn't want to live under the sea?
I wish I could be under the sea right now!
Me too! Especially to escape this scorching summer heat.
That chick's voice is annoying too.
Wow. You've got some strong feelings about poor Ariel.
What is your Favorite Disney movie?
I have to say Frozen.
Why do you like Frozen?
I just love the story and the singing.
What is your second favorite disney movie?
I also love Hercules.
Yes, that is one of my favorites as well.
Who is your favorite character?
I would have to say Phil.
Yes! He gives the movie a great sense of humor.
Do you like the movie Alice in Wonderland? It's my favorite Disney movie.
I think that's a great movie! Old, but great!
Yes, it was made in 1951. Kathryn Beaumont voiced Alice's character.
Ed Wynn was the voice for the Mad Hatter. He was hilarious!
To be honest, the Mad Hatter annoyed me.
Why?
He was really crazy. His character was too much for me. I liked the white rabbit.
Tweedledee and Tweedledum were great. Oh and the Cheshire Cat!
Yes, the Cheshire Cat was awesome. I liked how he'd disappear.
Everytime I see a flamingo I think about the game of croquet...
I cant wait to see Mary Poppins returns next year!
Yeah I heard that was going to be a fantastic movie
Did you see the first Mary poppins?
A long time ago when I was a boy back in 1969
That was a long time ago, did you enjoy it back then?
yeah, it was a moment to remember thats for sure.. just like that one disney film Mulan!
Yeah I heard about that, there making a Live action version of that.. I cant wait!
thats pretty cool! Mulan was a Disney classic to be sure
yeah nothing beats Disney films there timeless
I agree, these films really bring people together!
Did you have a favorite Disney movie growing up?
I always loved The Lion King.
I can't watch The Lion King because it makes me cry.
I cry when Mufasa gets trampled, but the rest of the movie is so good.
Scar still scares me even though I'm an adult now.
When I was little, I was scared of the elephant Boneyard.
Seeing the elephant bones still creeps me out.
The hyenas are so goofy though, I don't think that it can be too scary.
I also get scared at the end when Simba almost falls into the fire.
Yes, but at the end it always ends so happily.
The Sword in the Stone was a classic film.
Yes, Merlin and Archimedes are amazing.
I don't think many people know about that one.
Yeah, it is a hidden classic in a way. But, the story is great.
What is your favorite part?
The wizard's duel of course.
Yes, I think that is a great scene.
I thought Archimedes was so funny.
He is definitely one of the top Disney owls.
Yes, and so is the one from The Fox and the Hound.
Have you seen the new Beauty and Beast movie?
Yes, It was great! What did you think?
I loved it. Maybe even more than my kids!
Was that really Emma Watson singing?
Yes! I never knew she could sing.
I think she was great as the role of Belle but I counldn't help but think about Harry Potter!
I agree. I think they did a really great job recreating it.
It was actually better than I expected.
I am glad I bought a copy of my own. We have watched it several times already.
I will probably go get a copy for my collection too.
So I finally saw Milan today.
For the first time in forever!
Wrong movie, dude.
I know, I was joking around.
Anyway, it was okay.  I think it's the last time I remember Eddie Murphy in anything.
Yeah, he hasn't exactly done much lately, has he?
I thought the movie was pretty good, a bit violent in parts.
Oh, I disagree.  It wasn't violent at all.
We just have different tastes, I guess.
Or you're just over-reacting to a cartoon.
Big Hero 6 was well done.
Yes I enjoyed it. Hero was a great character.
I loved Baymax. I bet he feels like a big blow up balloon.
It sure would be fun bouncing on him, ha ha. But seriously it was a good story.
Yes, it was sad when Hero's brother died. I was not expecting that.
It does seem like many characters get killed in Disney films.
It is meant to show resiliency in characters I guess.
Yes, I don't know how they would have made a good story about that without his brother's death.
Yes sometimes good characters die.
I cried when the original Baymax also "died". Glad he gave Hero his disk so he could rebuild him.
Did you get to see Snatched yet?
No I haven't , it looks great.
I will be going to see it this weekend. I love Goldie Hawn and Amy Schumer, I am sure they are going to be fantastic.
I know , I can't even believe Goldie is acting again, it has been some time since her last film.
She does great comedy films. Wanda Sykes is also in this film too.
What time does the movie play?
It starts around 1pm, do you think you will have this weekend off?
I think I have to work that day, I will have to check on it.
Maybe you can come with me!
I will call you and let you know!
I am in a depressed mood at the moment.
I know what could help.
What is that?
A funny movie of course!
You may be right about that. Any suggestions?
How about Black Sheep?
That one is old though, right?
It is, but it is still awesome !
Who plays in that one anyways?
Cris Farley and David Spade.
Okay, what movie do you put in when you're in a bad mood and need a laugh?
I think I've seen Caddyshack about 100 times.
So good! Bill Murray and Rodney Dangerfield are amazing in that movie.
Haha, both of them were improvising a lot of their lines. That's a great formula for comedy gold, get funny people and let them do their thing.
It's like coaching a super talented basketball team, give them a little structure and get out of the way.
Another one from that era that I love is Airplane.
Another classic. I think Airplane might have better jokes, but the characters are better in Caddyshack.
I think that's a fair way to describe it. Although Kareem playing the pilot was pretty memorable and hilarious.
And Leslie Nielsen is going to make me laugh, no matter what movie it is.
Can't disagree with you there. Throw in the Naked Gun movies as other all time classics.
Have you ever seen the movie Don't Be A Menance.
No, I don't think I have. Who stars in it?
Marlon and Sean Wayons.
No. what is it about?
Its a movie about all different types of movie that happened.
Oh that sounds really fun to watch.
Yes you should check it out.
Marlon wayans is one of my favs can't beleive i havent seen this yet
You will never stop laughing , but beware i think its rated r dont let the kids watch.
Will do thanks.
Did you see the new Paul Blart Mall Cop movie?
You mean there's a second one?
Yes. It's funny.
Is it on DVD?
Don't know. We streamed it.
The first one was hilarious.
It was, he's a great actor.
He is.
Check if you can rent it.
I will, it's got to be good like the first.
Did you ever see Forgetting Sarah Marshall?
I did watch it on Netflix.
What did you think?
Extremely funny.  So many great lines and sight gags.
I couldn't believe some of the nudity though.
Yeah, that was pretty surprising.
I thought Mila Kunis was hilarious in it.
Yeah, I didn't expect her to have a comedic touch.
Being easy on the eyes helps too.
I'll say!
Have you ever seen Bridesmaids?
Oh, I watch it everytime it plays!
What's your favorite part?
Honestly, I think my favorite parts are anything with Melissa McCarthy.
She's really hilarious.
I think so too.  I think she made the movie.
I don't know if I would like it as much if she weren't in it.
The scene where she's driving away with the dogs is epic.
The part where they are trying on the dresses is good too.
Melissa was in both of those though.
What do you think is funny the hangover or bridesmaids?
Hangover is my favorite of all time.
I liked hangover and hangover part 2, but thought overall bridesmaids may have been better.
No way. I think bridesmaids was great don't get me wrong. But Hangover had so many great moments.
Zach Galifianakis does shine in hangover. I did like the plot of the first one. The sequel I did not enjoy as much.
I enjoyed them both. I think they did a great job a lot of sequels bomb badly or can't live up to the first. I think the second is just as good.
It is a matter of opinion I guess, I still says bridesmaid is funnier than both hangovers.
Melissa mccartney stood out to me in bridesmaids.
She is really funny in it, my favorite is when she is on the plane and lifts her leg.
That is a great moment. I was surprised she could get her leg up so high. She has lost a lot of weight since then, typical of hollywood.
Did you like Dumb and Dumber?
I never was a fan of any of the Dumb and Dumber movies?
Really?  You didn't find them to be funny?
Not really.  I don't really care for Jim Carey though.
Oh, I think he is hilarious!
Dumb and Dumber is just too repetitious and you don't have to think.
That's what's great about it.
I mean, whatever floats your boat.
You didn't like any of the sequels?
They were worse than the originals.
What is your least liked type of movie
Well  i am not a movie person
Why are you not a movie person
Because they do not have a long lasting affect
But they are entertaining
Well i do not like comedy movies to much
Why not
The funniness usually falls flat for me and just does nothing for me
I guess that would be personal taste
I mean everything is subjective
I wonder who came up with the idea for a comedy movie
What do you mean
like who thought of making a movie funny
Well comedy has been around since he days of plays
Has it?
Yes since the plays of shakesphere had some humor in it
I guess you could be right
I am rights
Well then show me some facts
Just google it man
One of my favorite Will Ferrell movies is Elf.
I love that movie! I could watch it over and over again.
Me too! And as a matter of fact I have.
He is so funny! His facial expressions and the way he acts as Buddy the Elf.
I love the shower scene myself when he was singing.
That was good, but so was the part when he called the midget angry in the board meeting.
Yes that was hysterical.
That is my favorite Christmas movie.
Mine too. I start watching it right after Thanksgiving.
I do too. Will Ferrell is really funny.
Do you like classic comedies?
What do you mean by classic?
Do you like movies like Airplane?
Yeah, I love that movie!
I do too! What's your favorite part?
I like the whole bit with the copilot.
That part is pretty great. It makes me laugh every time.
I also just like all the puns in that movie.
I feel like they just don't make movies like that any more.
I know! I really wish they would make more movies like that.
Do you have a favorite comedy movie out right now?
Yes, I really like Baywatch.
Oh yea, Baywatch was amazing when I watched it.
I really like how the Rock is branching into comedy movies.
Yes, I agree. His career is really taking off into the next level.
It is good to see him transition from one career to another so easily.
What comedy do you like?
I really like Fist Fight.
That one was great as well with Ice Cube.
Yes, Ice Cube was very funny in that film, just as he is in the others.
Do you enjoy romantic comedies?
Yes, I do, especially ones with Steve Carell.
I like him a lot, have you seen Dan in Real Life?  That's one of my favorites.
Yes, that's a good one.  I like The 40 Year Old Virgin.
That's a good one too.  What about Crazy Stupid Love?
I saw that one but it wasn't one of my favorites.
Yeah, I agree.  What other Steve Carell comedies do you like?
He was pretty good in Anchorman.
That's a classic, I love that one.
Yeah, me too.  He's such a funny guy.
Do you remember Mrs. Doubtfire?
Oh, that was one of my favorite Robin Williams movies!
I loved the accent he had as Mrs. Doubtfire!
Yes, it sounded so funny when Mrs. Doubtfire was explaining how her husband was killed.
I liked that part where he didn't have his makeup.
Oh, didn't he smash his face in a pie?
Yeah, before everyone walked in.
All that to see the kids.
Why couldn't he see his kids in the first place?
I really don't remember.
The best comedy of all time is Christmas Vacation. Don't you think?
Definitely. I love it.
I must have watched it at least fifty times.
At least. Cousin Eddie is the best.
I love it when he kidnaps Clarks boss.
Yeah, and takes him to the house.
It's also great when the old mans wig catches on fire.
That was hilarious.
That was Chevy Chase's best movie.
It was.
You ever see This is the End?
Yes, great movie.
I love James Franco he used to be on my soap opera.
What soap opera?
General Hospital.
What role did he play on there?
Franco.
Was he a bad guy?
Oh yes for sure.
I wish I could have seen it I like him like you do.
Do you want to go see Dispicable Me 3 this weekend.
Yes, I loved the other two, I can't wait to see this one.
I know, I saw a movie review on the news a feew days ago.  He's got a new enemy named Balthazar Bratt.
Oh yeah, who's voicing him?
Trey Parker actually.
As in South Park creator Trey Parker?
Yup, It should be amazing to have him play a villain.
Yeah, rotten tomatoes gave it a pretty good review.
How could they not with such a good cast.
I don't know, but it doesn't matter, I'd still go and laugh my face off.
Have you ever seen the Pirate Movie?
No, I have not, is it any good.
Yes, it's a Pop Culture filled slapstick and rocked up version of the musical play The Pirates of Penzance.
I've heard of that play, but how does the movie differ?
Well, it is set in then modern times, the mid80s and is about an American excahnge student named Mabel Stanley at a Pirate festival in Austrialia
Okay, what happens
Mabel meets a guy and when she tries to join him on his boat, her exchange family sisters dupe her and take off without her.
Okay, so they leave at the pier. SO then, what happens.
She tries to follow in a rented boat, but gets swamped and knocked out. She washes ashore on an island and has a comedic pirate themed dream.
Okay, sound a bit different, but I might look to see if I can find and watch it.
What is your favorite Ben Stiller movie?
Probably Something about Mary.
Mine too!
"How'd you get the beans above the frank?!"
"Frank and Beans!"
Stop it! You're killing me!
Too funny.
I'm gonna have to watch that again.
I have a copy.
You have to let me borrow it!
My favorite movie genre is comedy. What is yours?
Me too! I love the movie Dumb & Dumber and The Mask.
Jim Carey was super funny in Dumb & Dumber. Remember when he got his tongue frozen onto the ski chair?
Yes and then they were trying to pull his tongue off of it. That was so silly.
Yes! Remember the toilet scene when Harry got the runs and then it wasn't working?
Oh that was so disgustingly funny.
Do you remember when Lloyd and Harry were riding the scooter and they did a close up of Lloyd face with all the boogers on his face?
Oh my gosh yes. They were riding into Aspen, right?
Yes they were driving into Aspen.
They were such a mess. I loved them together in that movie.
One of my favorite comedies was this outrageous puppet movie called Team America : World Police. It was a scream.
Yes, I saw that one and loved it too. I remember watching the puppet TV shows decades ago - Thunderbirds, I lived for that one.
Team America was such a perfect copy of the marionettes in Thunderbirds, and at the same time, a total sendup that was fearless in its comedy.
I got a kick out of the goofiness of marionette movement and the lip moves and stuff - that was a constant funny throughout the whole thing.
Yes, and the sendup of the despot Kim Jong Il in his underwater lair like some Bond villain, was just falling down funny.
Totally. I remember him singing "I'm Lonely ("Wone-wee" in that hilariously awful Engrish) as one of his dispatched political victims floated in the water outside the window.
The tasteless stuff was the funniest stuff, honestly. Remember the puppet sex scene in the "unrated" version?
Funny enough that a puppet movie could be forced to cut certain scenes for sexual content, just let that sink in for a moment. But they were so funny, I can't imagine watching the tamer version
Yeah, if you're gonna go for it, jump in with both feet, right?
Thunderbirds must have been rolling in its grave, but Team America is a really funny movie.
What is a good comedy movie to watch?
I just watched Stripes the other day. I love that movie.
Who is in that? I've never seen it.
It stars Bill Murray and John Candy, and they join the army together.
I love Bill Murray! He's hilarious.
Me too. I think you'd really like Stripes, its one of his earlier movies.
I just watched him in Dumb and Dumber To.
I wasn't really a fan of that one at all. I feel like they should have left it at the one.
What about The Grand Budapest Hotel? Did you like that?
That I did like a lot.
Do you have an all time favorite comedy?
Yes! I love Meet the Fockers with Ben Stiller!
Oh yeah, I love him in Zoolander also!
Basically, every movie he does has 5 stars from me!
Barbara Streisand played his mother, right?
Yes and she is a therapist and gives the funniest advice.
What the name of the other funny guy in the movie with blonde hair?
Oh! You probably are talking about Owen Wilson!
He plays Pamela's ex boyfriend.
It's good to be in the circle of trust and we use that joke all the time!
Have you seen the movie Mean Girls?
I did, but it's not my favorite. I liked the SNL cast being in it though.
They really are funny. Did you see Baby Mama with Amy Poehler and Tina Fey?
Yes, that was hilarious.
When Amy Poehler puts on the fake pregnancy belly and dances I laugh so hard.
That was funny! How about when she stuck the gum under the coffee table?
That was great. Dax Shepherd, who played Carl made me laugh so hard.
Haha me too. When he was on the toilet listening to "Red, Red Wine" I couldn't stop laughing.
Haha so funny. And he got the ultrasound of the squirrel!
Haha yes! I mean it didn't even look like a human. Come on!
What is a great comedy movie?
Young Frankenstein.
Who is in that movie?
Gene Wilder
He is amazing. I love his movies.
Ever seen Blazing Saddles?
No, I haven't
You have to see that one.
Where does it take place?
In the old west
Hello.
Hi.
What was the last comedy you saw?
I watched Neighbors 2 not too long ago.
Did you see that in theaters?
Yeah.
What did you think?
Honestly, I didn't like it.
Not as good as the first one?
Yeah it wasn't very good.
Hey.
Hi.
What was the last comedy you saw?
I watched Baywatch in the theaters.
Is that a comedy?
Yeah I would say it was mostly supposed to be comedy.
Oh I thought it was an action movie.
That's the way it was marketed, but it was a bit of both.
Oh that's interesting.  How was it?
Very bad.
Have you seen the movie "Bridesmaids?"
Yes, it's one of my favorite comedies.
I saw it recently, and I really enjoyed Kristen Wiig.  I have seen her on Saturday Night Live before, but I had never seen her in a movie.
I think she may have had something to do with the writing of Bridesmaids.
I think so too.  The airplane scene is priceless.  "Help me, I'm poor."  That was so funny.
And you just can't beat Melissa McCarthy as the groom's sister.
Did you know that McCarthy's real life husband is in the movie?  I think he often has parts in her movies.
No!  Which character did he play?
He was the air marshall on the airplane; the one McCarthy's character interacted with.
Oh. That is so cool.  They were really funny together.
So which comedy is your favorite?
I love Blazing Saddles.
What is that about?
It's about a black sheriff who comes to a town full of racists and they all come to love him.
It's a comedy?
Yep.  Mel Brooks directed it.
It sounds kind of dull.
It's not - it's hilarious.  There's tons of slapstick and the sheriff is a great straight man.
When did it come out?
Back in 1974.  It's pretty old by now.
I'm planning to stream some comedies this weekend, got any recommendations?
Yes! Watch "Popstar"!
Oh, the one with the Lonely Island Boys? I think they're hilarious!
Not exactly the Lonely Island Boys. Similar concept, but Andy Samberg plays this silly, vain popstar and he has sidekicks, which are the other two guys in Lonely Island.
Sounds funny. So there are a lot of songs too?
Yes, the songs are hilarious! I was crying.
They're that funny? Were there any cameos?
Yeah, tons, like Ringo Starr, Pink, Usher. It's sort of like a mockumentary.
I love mockumentaries, like "Waiting for Guffman" and all of Christopher Guest's movies.
I do too -- my favorite of his is "Best in Show." So funny!
Are you a fan of The Beatles?
Yes! I think they're an amazing band.
Cool! Do you like their earlier songs like "Help" and "I Wanna Hold Your Hand?"
Yeah, their early songs were great but I'm more a fan of their later songs. What about you?
I do like their later songs, like on their Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band album, but the early songs have a special place in my heart!
What's your favorite early song of The Beatles?
I like a lot of them, actually. Eight Days a Week, I Wanna Hold Your Hand etc...
Yeah, it's hard to pick just one since they wrote so many incredible songs.
What's your favorite from their later songs?
I love Across the Universe and Eleanor Rigby -- but like you said, it's hard to pick!
Who was your favorite Beatle?
I loved them all but my favorite was John Lennon.
Me too. He was such a great songwriter and singer.
My favorite songs he wrote were A Hard Day´s Night and Ticket to Ride.
Great songs! My favorites were Help! and Nowhere Man.
Some of the best were a collaboration between John and Paul.
George Harrison also wrote some great ones too.
Yeah I think While My Guitar Gently Weeps was absolutely beautiful.
That was one of the Beatles best.
Definitely one of the best in all of rock music.
What are your thoughts on The Beatles?
I don't really have any thoughts. I'm indifferent to them.
You don't like any Beatles' songs?
I do like the song, "Hello Goodbye". They just have never appealed to me. I can understand the appreciation of them.
Yeah, they are one of the best bands of all time.
Baby boomers love them. I can see how they were ground breaking back in the day.
What do you mean back in the day? They're still relevant after decades.
I agree to some extent. Where do you start? I've heard all their hits and nothing really grabs me.
You should listen to Abbey Road.
Okay. I'll give it a listen.
Are you familiar with the Beatles' music?
Oh yes, they are one of my favorite bands.  Do you enjoy them?
They are my absolute favorite. What's your favorite song?
Hmm, that's a hard choice but I think In My Life. You?
Ooohh, nice choice.  I think mine is Eleanor Rigsby.  What era of their music do you like the most?
Probably what they were putting out in the 70s. I like that they were getting more experimental.
Yeah, I like that era too.  I think my favorite is their beginning time in the early 60s.
Yeah, they were more pop. One of the original boy bands, haha.
Yep, gotta love those classic early songs.
I agree!
What is the most popular Beatles song?
I think most people like Hey Jude
I wonder if it might be Revolution
I don't think so.
That is one of their best though
I agree
Twist and Shout is pretty popular
Yes. That might be better well known than Hey Jude
Is Hey Jude one of your favorites?
Yes
i miss the beatles
me too my pops play them like crazy
my uncle turned me on to them
you did'nt know of them
i did but i learned to love there music
why you say that, and whats a good tune from them you like
man i like all of them i haven't heard one i don't like
the where the worlds best group would you say
they made alot of people happy in those days
yeah my dad said he made a baby of one of the beatles album.
I was thinking about that Beatles song, "Yesterday". I like the verse "yesterday all my troubles seemed so far away".
It's funny when your young how everything seems to be life or death.
Yeah, but when you look back you only remember the really good or bad times.
It's funny how a song can take you back to your past. I remember roller skating and the song "Don't let me down" was always playing.
I really liked "I want to hold your hand". Seems so tame to the lyrics the kids listen to today.
Isn't that the truth. I guess it does make one think of yesterday.
It really does. It seemed like a wild time but it was really so innocent.
Oh, to have back the innocence of our youth again. Life in the sixties and seventies times were a changing.
They don't have music like that anymore. Music that will be around and still make sense fifty years from now.
I don't know it may make sense to this generation and may make them smile when they hear it again.
Norwegian Wood is my favorite Haruki Murakami novel.
Does it have anything to do with the Beatles song?
Sort of! Only when it was translated into Japanese, there was a translation error.
What kind of error?
Well, you know how in the song, Norwegian wood is a building material?
Right, it's talking about how a particular kind of girl has a room made with it.
Well, when it was translated into Japanese, they thought it meant forest.
Oh no. That's a big error.
It's kind of understandable though. Anyway, the novel has all these long passages about being alone in a forest...
But that's not what the song's about at all!
Let's talk about the beatles
Okay they are a great band
Definitely worth taking about
What genre are they anyway
Im not sure ive heard rock and pop
So i guess pop rock
Sure that sounds good
Better thsn anything else
Yea pretty much
Pop rock aounds good
Have you listened to a lot of the Beatles?
Actually, I guess I'm weird.  I never really saw the big deal with them.
I guess I feel the same way.
I do like some of their songs, but not any more than I like other group's songs.
So what songs do you like?
I guess my favorite would be "Jude".
Isn't that the one that they thought was written about drugs?
I've heard that.  I don't know.   I just like it because I think it sounds good.
I like it too.  I don't know of any other ones of theirs that I think too much about.
I know they did a lot of songs, but I feel that same way.
My friend at Penn State University signed up for a class on The Beatles this semester.
That's brilliant! I wish I could take a class on The Beatles.
I know that Coursera, the free online college course website was offering one at one point.
I'll have to look into that. At the very least, I want to take a book about The Beatles out from the library.
I can only imagine that there are so many quality books about The Beatles. They defined 60s culture in a super significant way.
Yes, as far as Anglo-American culture goes, I don't know who can plausibly be claimed to have a bigger impact.
People talk about Dylan having a huge influence.
That's true, but not Beatles level.
Well, what about the Velvet Underground, weren't so many famous bands inspired to start bands after seeing The Velvet Underground.
There are some prominent examples, but I think if we made an attempt to quantify influence that the Velvet Underground would pale in comparison to the Beatles.
Do you like the Beatles music?
I normally don't care for that type of music, but I do like the Beatles and their music.
My mom has a 3-disc CD and plays it constantly!
Well, I like Beatles music a little, but wouldn't want to hear it constantly!
I like their song "Don't Let Me Down".
Yeah, I do too. I also like the legendary "Hey Jude".
Which of the Beatles Musicians do you think was best at that type of music?
Definitely Ringo Starr! Their type of music fits him perfectly.
I think John Lennon was born to write and play their Beatle Music.
For sure. I think the Beatles Music will always be loved and played.
Do you like the Beatles?
Who doesn't like the Beatles? They're the most famous band ever!
yeah. Do you have a favorite song?
I like Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.
Any reason why?
I like how serene it is and carefree it makes me feel
Do you know what it's about?
I have no idea!
That's funny, I guess a lot of their songs are nonsense
Yeah, but they're happy and catchy!
Hey do you like the Beatles?
Yeah I love them, and so do most of my friends
Who is your favorite member? I think mine is Paul but I haven't really made up my mind
Yeah I like Paul and John, but I think George was the most underrated, unless you count Ringo
No one ever counts Ringo, it seems like
They finally inducted him into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a solo artist, though, so that's cool
Yeah, I really liked Octopus's Garden that he wrote with George
That's a great song, just like Yellow Submarine, which is a classic
People don't give Ringo enough credit for his drumming, either
Oh yes, he's one of the greatest drummers of all time, no question
What do you think of the White Album?
It's perfect.
Really? I don't like it.
Are you nuts?
It has too many songs.
But they're all good.
No they aren't. They could've left off a few.
But then it wouldn't be the White Album.
I just find myself skipping a lot of songs.
I love them all and so do most people.
Which Beatles voice do you like best?
I like Paul McCartney's the best.
Why him?
I think his voice was versatile and he sang good ballads.
What's your favorite ballad?
I really liked his singing on Yesterday.
I prefer John Lennon's voice.
Do you have a favorite song that he sang?
I love the song A Hard Day;s Night.
That's a great classic rock song.
do you have any beatles clothing
i think i got a shirt
where did you get it
at the mall it was on sale
how much was it
i paid like twenty dollars and some change
cool thats a good price they got more beatles apparel
yeah i saw some cool jeans
how much where they, and did they have all the beatles on them
yeah they where very cool they had the beatles on the legs
Which Beatles album do you like best?
I'm very fond of Rubber Soul.
Is there a reason that one is your favorite?
Well, it has Drive My Car and Norwegian Wood, which are two of my favorite Beatles songs.
That makes sense. I've always liked Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band the best.
That one's also a good album.
It has so many of their most iconic songs-- Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, When I'm Sixty-Four.
Don't forget the best one!
Which one is that?
With a Little Help From my Friends!
Lets talk about the beatles
Okay, great
I was just looking at a website, they sang twist and shout?
Oh i didnt know that
Me either
I guess you do learn something new everyday
I guess so
Im going to listen to that song now
Me too
Bye
Do you like the Beatles at all?
Yes. I like the Let It Be album.
I also enjoy that.
I love Maggie Mae on that, it is pretty.
Yeah that is a prettty mellow song.
I listen to it everyday.
Do you?
Yeah it just makes me feel good.
That is nice.
Nice talking to you!
Do you know the original title of abbey road before they changed it?
I think it was Everest?
Yes,in reference to the brand of cigarettes smoked by engineer Geoff emerick.
I'm glad they changed it.
They were going to shoot the cover at Mount Everest but they didn't want to travel that far.
Right,paul suggested they name it after the street they were on.
Hahahahah,and it was a lot easier to walk across the street outside the studio than go to Mount Everest.
Yes,they were a little lazy about that.
I'm glad they were.
Yes,it's a classic album cover indeed
Hey Dad, remember when you used to tell me to "turn that garbage off" when I was listening to the Beatles?
Yeah, why do you ask?
Well, I just noticed you singing along to "Elenore Rigby" on the classic-rock radio.
So?
Well, "Elenore Rigby" is a Beatles song.
It is?
Yeah. It was in their movie Yellow Submarine, way back in the mid-sixtys. I was in high school then and you hated everything I listened to.
Well, it sounds so much better than anything else being played now, I guess I've kind of gotten used to it.
Come on Dad, admit it. You've more than just "gotten used to it." You've actually learned to like the song.
Okay, I'll admit it. Just don't tell your Mother. She still says no music worth listening to has been released since 1955.
Can you help me find a good George Harrison song in The Beatles?
Yes. Here Comes the Sun
That's a good one
While My Guitar Gently Weeps is another great one.
I will listen to those.
He is an underrated Beatle.
I agree. He did not get the same attention the others did.
He has a great voice.
I agree. He makes the Beatles great.
I found another song he sings! Long, Long, Long.
So, Sgt. Pepper is 50 years old.
Yeah, I guess it is. They're releasing a new version of it now.
Oh, really? Did they work Strawberry Fields and Penny Lane back into it somehow?
No, they didn't. That would have been the smart thing to do, right?
Guess I'll just stick with my own playlist, then! The album doesn't really work so well without them.
I know what you mean. I mean, there are some neat experiments in there, but there's not much that really stands out until the end.
A Day in the Life, you mean?
Right. But even that... honestly, the Paul segment could go. I don't know what else to do with it, but oy.
Yeah, there's that great climax of sound, and then... doopy doopy doo, I'm Paul McCartney; aren't I a fop!
I keep blending that transition in my mind with Bohemian Rhapsody. It's an improvement.
I just listened to the song Yesterday by the Beatles.
That is a great song.
I love their music because every song is so different.
I agree I really like Back in the USSR.
It's amazing what a sensation they were.
Definitely they were so popular.
I can't think of another band who had such a following.
I wish I had been able to see them live one time.
Me too, but for now I'm going to download some more of their music.
I have a book about the Beatles, now I'm going to take a look at it.
I am interested in seeing some unique covers of the Beatles music
How would you want them to be unique
Well you know take some libertys with the music
But that would not be a cover
Sure it would
It should be similar though
well i did not say it could not be similar
That is confusing
It can be different and similar
how so
I know you're a big fan of Paul McCartney, but what was your opinion of George Harrison?
I think he was very underrated to the group.  he was obviously not utilized to his fullest.
Could you provide some specifics about why you feel like that? I'm interested, because he really showed his talents, mostly, after the group broke up.
Exactly.  once the group broke up, Harrison really came into his own.  His concert for Bangla Desh, at Madison Square Garden, was one for the ages.
Very true.  Now i'm not suggesting the Beatles totally forgot about his abilities.  Consider the "Abbey Road" album; Harrison had two standouts on that one.
Yes.  more than on any other Beatles album, Harrison really came through on that one.  "Here Comes the Sun" is outstanding, and "Something" became a standard which many other artists, even Frank Sinatra, did versions of.
After the group broke up, Harrison released his "All Things Must Pass" album which almost forced people, who had previously overlooked him, to notice him.
For sure.  with that album, which was either the first or second solo album of ANY of the Beatles, Harrison was established as a mega-talent.   I'm sure it was at that point that many people felt the Beatles had not used him as they should have.
In a way i agree with that, but again, we have to keep in mind that basically it was Lennon and McCartney's group.  They had almost always given George one cut an album; no more, and no less (with the exception of "Abbey Road," as we mentioned).  It was obviously Harrison's role to be a great guitarist, sing background vocals, and leave the "heavy lifting" to Paul and John.
And to Harrison's great credit, i don't think he ever complained about that role.  Of course why would he complain? He made so much money as a member of the group, and he never had to feel the pressure of doing a lot of writing.  Yes, rest in peace George.
If you arrange the Beatles first names by alphabet what order would it be?
That is not hard to do. It would be G J R and P.
G for George J for John R for Ringo and P for Paul right?
Yeah. Now can you put their the last names in alphabetical order?
I don't know all their last names so no I couldn't.
It would be H L M and .
H for Harrison, L for Lennon, M for McCarthy and S for Starr right?
Yeah. Hey that was pretty good.
I more of a fan of the Beatles music than of their names.
You up for playing some Beatle music trivia?
So where do you fall on the Beatles vs. Stones debate?
The Stones, but both are bands one should respect.
I think so too. I'm more of a Beatles fan personally.
I think they had a couple of very good songs, but I just can't get into them that much.
Have you tried Revolver?
I have, but it didn't really do it for me.
What about their solo material?
Well I think Paul did some good stuff.
You should check out George Harrison's solo material. It's very underrated.
That's for the recommendation!
Who's your favorite Beatle?
Oh, tough one. These days it's Paul.
Really? I had you pegged as a Lennon gal.
Yeah, I used to be growing up, but now I find Lennon too serious at times.
Ah, I love Lennon. He's my favorite.
He is great, don't get me wrong, but no one can touch Paul's melodies.
I think I read an interview with Bob Dylan once where he said Paul is the best melody writer of all time.
That's extremely high praise!
Yeah, it is, coming from one of the best lyricists of all time.
Yup! My full ranking is this Paul then George then John then Ringo.
Some Beatles songs seem to be descriptions in the life of the Beatles.
Like what?
The first one that comes to mind is "Penny Lane."
What makes it feel like it's a real life description?
Specific details of people in the streets, and moments in time.
Like "The banker never wears a Mac in the pouring rain/very strange"?
Yes, exactly like that.
Do you know if there is actually a street called Penny Lane?
I don't know.
It would be cool to find out though!
free as a bird by the beatles is one of my moms favorite songs
i like that song to
what other songs by them do you like
yesterday is a good song by them
yeah they made so many i can't  name them all
me and my wife like to cuddle to there music
i do the same with my girl
they love them brown hair dudes
man who don't love the beatles
i can't tell you that cause i don't know, the beatles rock!
I was listening to Rain by the Beatles, earlier today.
Is that the one with the weird backwards vocals?
Yes, but it's not really that weird.
Really?
Yes, if you reverse it, it is basically just regular lyrics from the song.
That's actually kind of disappointing. I thought maybe it was about Paul being dead.
I sure if you tried hard enough you could tie it into the conspiricay.
Probably so. Anyway, I have always liked that song.
Me too. Ringo is really on top of his drum game with that one.
I agree. He was so underrated.
Have you ever heard of Stu Sutcliffe?
Sounds familiar.  Who is he?
He was in the Beatles.
Wait, I've never heard that name in the Beatles.
Well, he was in the band before it was popular.
What instrument did he play?
He played the guitar.
Was he kicked out?
No, he actually quit, but I think he died at a young age.
Wow, that's pretty tragic.
I know you said you were into rock, but does that include the Beatles?
Yeah, definitely. I don't know all the ins and outs of the band, but I love the Beatles.
Oh okay, cool. I like them a lot too.
Yeah, they're such a talented band. They were like an all star band.
I vaguely remember one of my friends saying that Mick Jagger once said something to the effect of "We have one lead singer, they have four," when referring to the Beatles.
Wow, that's impressive! They're all geniuses, but some of their songs are kind of out there.
For sure, the Beatles went through a huge artistic and style change over there short time as a band. Initially they were all in suits playing pop songs and they became a pretty trippy band wearing lots of flamboyant and colorful outfits.
Yeah, like the cover of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. They had awesome outfits in that vinyl art and they looked really stoned, haha.
Haha, yeah. Oh, another interesting tidbit is I think Yesterday is the most covered song of all time, but I could be wrong about that though.
I love that song. I wouldn't be surprised.
What's your favorite Beatle song?
I could be like most people and say Hey Jude or I wanna hold your hand, but I prefer some of their deeper stuff like A day in the Life or side 2 of Abbey Road (Golden Slumbers, et al).
The later songs are pretty good, but sometimes get too serious for me. I prefer the earlier hits.
I can understand, but I think the true value of the Beatles as "THE" Super Band is their later music.
Probably is, but I just like their "boy band" songs better, you know, I Saw her standing there and Eight Days a week.
I get you, but for me songs like Tomorrow Never Knows and She's Leaving Home are more inspiring.
You may be right. If I had to pick some of their later songs it would be ones like Penny Lane or Yellow Submarine.
Those are fun and I think help move listeners over into their more serious stuff. Don't get me wrong, I think the great thing about the Beatles is that they are both fun and deep!
I agree, that's why that are the super group of all time!
What's the saying, if you don't like the Beatles you don't like music! LOL!
Hello.
Hello.
Do you like the Beatles?
Yes.
Who is your least favorite Beatle?
Least favorite?
Yeah like who do you think is just kind of whatever in the Beatles?
Well, probably Ringo.
Yeah I totally agree.
He wasn't that great.
Do you like the early Beatles work?
Yes, it is good, but their later stuff is better.
Happiness is a Warm Gun is a great song. Do you like it?
Yes, it's one of my favorites.
Do you like the Ringo songs a lot?
Yes, they are all unique
I love his deep voice.
Me too. With A Little Help from My Friends is so memorable.
Is he your favorite band member?
Yes
The Beatles are overrated.
What? Why do you say that?
I mean, there are better bands out there.
Like who?
The Who! Exactly. They're way better.
Not The Who. I meant who, like "guess who?"
The Guess Who? They're even better!
Dude, that's not what I meant.
I'm saying they're better than the Beatles
Who?
What do you think is the weirdest song the Beatles ever recorded?
Revolution 9.
Why is it so weird?
Because the track keeps saying number 9 over and over.
That's it?
Also, supposedly if you play it backwards it says, :Turn me on dead man."
OK. That's weird.
It was all part of a rumor that Paul was dead.
So why do the song?
Because it was a clue about Paul being dead.
What is your favorite Beatles' song?
Ticket to Ride. I love the beat.
Oh yeah, it makes me want to dance.
It's too bad that the lyrics are kind of sad.
Yeah I know what you mean.
What is your favorite Beatles' song?
Mine is Across the Universe.
Oh wow, that one's very different.
Yeah, it's a bit more depressing.
Definitely. That song is better to listen to when I'm feeling sad.
Do you know who the fab four are?
Of course, they're the Beatles!
Alright, alright. I just found out today that one member of the Beatles isn't an original member.
Oh, which one? George?
No, not George.
Who then?
Ringo Starr wasn't the original drummer.
I didn't know that, who was the original drummer.
A fellow named Pete Best.
Interesting. It's such a weird counterfactual to imagine the Beatles without Ringo. No "With a Little Help from My Friends."
Do you like the Beatles?
Kind of.
What do you mean?
I mean, I like some of their songs. Like Across The Universe and Blackbird. But I just never really listened to them.
You should really give their albums a try! A lot of their music is on Spotify.
I might check out some of their stuff. Are you a big fan or something?
Definitely. I pretty much grew up listening to The Beatles.
How'd you even find them? They were popular before you were born.
Yeah, but my dad was really into them. He's the one that got me into them in the first place.
That's cool. Maybe he had some of their old records then.
How did you like the Beatle's Anthology.
There sure was a lot of stuff.
Yes. I like the different takes on the songs.
My reason for liking them is because it shows the creative process.
Yes. We were talking a bout The Long and Winding Road earlier.
That is the best non embellished cut.
Some say there were too many undeserving cuts on the Anthology.
Some people don't get it.
Yeah. They don't realize the point you made earlier
About the creative process, I think that is why it was put together that way.
How long have you been a beatles fan?
Several of years?
Are any of your family or friends into the beatles?
One or two of them, i stand out from the crowd?
How many album covers do you curently own?
1 of them is a record and two are cd's. I use mp3 a lot so cd's are in the past.
Who is your favorite band member?
John Lennon
What brought you to liking this music?
When i prounce around, i like to listen to past time classic oldies. Why not the beatles?
do you know any good songs from the 70's
what kind of music i like the beatles
yeah  there a oldie but goodie
what did they die and come back
why do you say that
there music is played more than ever
they where a good group folks still love their tunes
everytime i turn on the radio there on it
there music is very relaxing
yeah sometimes i fall asleep at night listen to them
I know you're probably too young, but do you know anything about the Beetles?
Yeah, my parents used to listen to their songs when I was a kid.
Did you like their songs?
Yeah, I remember liking a few of them a lot.
Like which ones?
"Let it Be" and "Hey Jude" I liked a lot.
I liked those too, but I got sick of hearing them on the radio a lot. So I mostly like the ones that weren't as popular.
Oh really? Like which ones?
When my sisters and I were little, we used to love the song "Anna". I don't think that one ever got any air play on the radio.
The good songs usually don't.
What is your favorite Beattles song?
Honestly, I know it's corny, but I like I want to hold your hand.
Yeah, it's sweet.  I like Lady Madonna.
Which one is that?
Lady Madonna, baby at your breast, wonder how you'll feed the reast.
I also like Penny Lane.
That's a good one. The music is great on that one.
What about In My Life?
It's a little slow for me.  But I don't like the White Album that much.
Me either.
Looks like it's going to be the Warriors vs the Cavs in the finals
Yeah just like most people thought
I was really hoping for something different but oh well
Yeah me too. Who do you think wins it all?
I think the Warriors win in six games.
I say the Warriors win in seven games
I just think the Warriors have too much firepower
Yeah, especially with the addition of Kevin Durant to their lineup
Yeah that has made them even more potent
It just going to be hard to overcome all of that talent
Yeah I think the Warriors are just too good
In the end they will wear down Lebron James
Yeah I think Kevin Love needs to have a huge series in order for them to have a chance
I agree and their bench needs to play well also
That's the only way they have a shot at this
If Lebron pulls this off I think it puts him a little closer to Jordan
I believe that as well. This is a huge challenge to take on
Probably the biggest challenge that he has ever had
We are talking about beating a potentially all-time team
Yeah that would be an amazing accomplishment
The Milwaukee bucks are a team on the rise
Yeah they have a good coach in Jason Kidd and the Greek Freak is the real deal
This kid can do everything! pass, block, score et cetera
He may be the best player in the league one day
And that day might not be that far off
Yeah you are right. He just needs some help
Yeah, I do like Middleton and Monroe
Yeah they are good pieces. They just need to continue to build
They are going to be a fun team to watch in the upcoming years
I definitely will be keeping an eye on them
Plus they play in the weak Eastern Conference they should be able to gain on the other teams
All of the team not named the Cavaliers.
Yeah you are right about that. Maybe they can move up to the 3rd or 4th seed.
That would be a huge improvement from last year
It's great to see an organization going in the right direction
Yeah it is. They just have to make the right moves going forward
Just don't lose the Greek Freak and everything will be alright.
Exactly. He will keep butts in the seat in Milwaukee
Yeah he has got that city excited again about basketball
I'm excited just watching these guys play
Did you see that Wade is playing on the Bulls now?
Yes I noticed.
He is from there.
Yes I think thats great.
Yes he helped out that city by giving money to the needy.
And Lebron plays for his hometown team too.
Yes it adds an extra element of meaning in the NBA.
Yes it directly addresses what people say makes college ball better.
Yes its not entirely about the money.
Yes there is some pride and geographical or logistics involved that is meaningful.
I wish every player had to do that.
Yes that would be funny.
It would certainly change things.
The player must have chosen to reside in a particular city to play there.
That is an interesting idea.
Yes it is.
I'm sure that is a factor in the draft negotiation process.
Yes it probably is.
There is a lot that goes into what makes the NBA so great.
Yes it is the best basketball league in the world.
When does the regular season end?
I believe April 12th.
Would you take Jordan or Russell?
In todays game, Jordan...40 years ago Russell.
Did you have fun at all-star weekend?
Oh yeah, New Orleans should host it every year.
When is the draft?
June 22, 2017
Do you think the Lakers will ever pass the Celtics with the most titles?
Yes and no, currently no- but if LA can put a great team together again like they did with Kobe and Shaq, they have a chance.
Do you think Lebron will eventually pass Abdul-Jabbar?
Oh yeah, you figure he can hang around for another 8-10 years. He will pass him easily.
What do you think are two things that SHOULD be considered when picking the MVP?
Individual excellence, a simple “best player.” And Most impactful.
Do you think team success should play a bigger part?
Definitely, without it then the season doesn't mean anything. Put Lebron on the Knicks and he will average 50+ points a game.
What is the "system" in Cleveland compared to the Spurs.
Lebron IS the system in Cleveland.
Should WHO their teammates are play a part?
Yes and no, this goes back to the arguement of a great player on a bad team.
I tell you the Wizards really disappointed me this year.
Why do you say that?
I just feel like they didn't live up to their potential all of the way
I hear you, but I just feel like they went as far as their talent could take them.
I disagree. To me they had a better team than the Celtics.
I don't know how you could say that when the Celtics had the better record
Yeah they did, but when you look at this roster, I felt they were more equipped for the postseason.
I don't know about that. The Wizards always seem to underachieve
Yeah they do, but that's my point. The talent is there for this team to be better.
Maybe this is just who they are. I mean John Wall and Bradley Beal are a great backcourt, but something is missing.
You mean as it relates to their chemistry?
Yeah. Like this whole team and organization just seem to be lacking something.
I think that something maybe heart.
You are probably right. They just can't seem to get out of their own way sometimes.
I know watching this team can be frustrating at times
You keep expecting more, but again this is who they are.
I think if they can add a few pieces they can be a legitimate title contender.
Again I disagree. I don't know if John Wall is the leader that gets you there.
I love Wall! I just think he needs a couple more guys that fit into their system.
I think he is fool's gold. I'm going to say that Wall never wins a championship.
Did you watch the basketball game last night?
Yeah it was great, I am surprised they won!
Did you bet any money on the game?
Yeah, I did. I bet around one thousand and won five thousand.
Are you going to keep betting on basketball games?
Yeah and I hope I win too.
Any other good games on tonight?
I don't think so.
I'm going to the game on Saturday night. Do you wanna come?
Yeah what time is it?
It is at 8'Clock, I can drive.
Awesome, come over at 6.
Yeah I will. It is going to be a great game.
Yeah, I hope. They need this game for the playoffs.
I think our team will win.
Me too. This is going to be a great game.
Do you want to go to a restaurant before the basketball game?
Yeah lets do it.
I think it will be cheaper than eating at the arena.
Totally.
How about that young talent on the sixers?
Yea, but Embiid can't stay healthy.
Oh no, hes healthy and domiant.
Idk but if he isnt the core doesnt look as good.
Not even with Simmons, Saric, and maybe Jackson?
The same Simmons who was hurt his rookie year?
We're talking about potential here. Look at the potential of all of these guys.
What is potential when it doesnt translate to the court.
Look, Embiid and Simmons together isn't appealing to you?
No, it is, but I'll believe it when I see it.
What if we get Lowry. Then will you believe?
I might. That would be a good pickup, but he wants a lot of money.
Hes coming off his best year at age 31. Give him the money.
I guess but dont go crazy.
Add Lowry to that core and you're in the playoffs. No?
I dont know about that, but maybe.
The Eastern Conference is rough.
Yea, its not the strongest.
We'll see how we fare. I wanna see everyone healthy.
Yea, lets see it!
So did the Celtics win last night?
Are you kidding me?!
Why, what?
The Cavs destroyed them.
Just in game 1?
No! Both game one and two.
Were the games close?
Ha! Not even.
How bad?
Cavs beat them by 40+ points in game 2
Oh my goodness. Is that some kind of record
Sure is. Largest margin of defeat
Wow. I wonder what all of the old Boston alum are thinking
Yeah, low point in Celtics history
Well they did make it to the conference finals
Yeah, I guess that's true
The Eastern conference is just not very good.
Yeah, only one dominant team - the Cavs
Could also be a bad matchup
Yeah, that's true...bad match up
What do you think of Westbrook?
He is good
I agree. It's too bad there is a lot of negativity there.
No, it's not. He will grow out of it.
Yeah, I guess. I was sad about the split with Kevin Durant.
Same here. They were great friends.
I hope the Spurs get Leonard back.
I don't think he will be back this year.
How do you feel about the draft?
Ball will go second I think.
I think that Fultz guy will go first.
What team do you think will get better?
The Timberwolves will hopefully get better.
Wiggins is really good.
I'm a big Suns fan, so hopefully they draft someone good.
I'm sure they will.
Who is your pick next year?
I think the Spurs will win it all.
That would be cool. They haven't won it in awhile.
Well, if Pachulia is in the league, anything can happen.
Did you see Lebron was a first team selection for the 11th time?
Yeah, next year he will break the record with his 12th selection.
All I want to know is who voted Lebron the the 4th team.
I know, crazy right. I can't wait to see once they release the full details of voting.
I don't think Anthony Davis should have been first team, do you?
I think Curry should have switched places with him. I don't think they put enough on team success with regards to voting.
I was just excited Wall finally made a team.
After his first season or two in Washington people started using the word "bust"
When do they announce the winners?
June 26th, I wonder why they wait so long.
How does the media actually vote?
They use points awarded on a 5-3-1 basis.
How many points did Harden average?
I think it was around 29.1 - which would be a high for him.
The thing that is crazy to me is who voted for Blake Griffin?
Yeah, He only had one vote....but seriously?
The thing I hate about  media "voting" is there could be such a discrepancy.
Did you have a chance to see the final scores? Some of them make me shake my head.
Did Jimmy Butler make a team?
Yes, third with 102 points.
Who do you think will draft Lonzo Ball.
I think he ends up a Laker.
Oh really. How would that happen.
Lakers make some trades to get him.
It would be amazing to seem him stay in SoCal, but can you really build a team around h im.
I think so. He is going to be an All Star.
Well, Lakers need some hope. What a mess.
Yeah, they're my favorite team and it's sad to see how bad they are.
Who do you think makes the biggest improvement next season?
I'm thinking Wizards.
Did you get out to any games this year.
Only a couple. Ticket prices along with parking are really a lot of money
A friend gave me tickets to a Bulls game.
That sounds like fun. I've never been to Chicago.
Do you think Porzingas stays in New York.
I think he's basically running the team now with Anthony out of the way.
Who do you think was MVP this year.
That's a hard one.  Westbrook was amazing.
I hope they focus more on basketball this year and less on politics.
Yeah, pretty sick of all of the political crap.
Hey man how is the game going today?
Things are not going the best to be honest?
Why not?
The teams down by five and the second half is almost over
Sounds pretty stressful
It is im nervous about the loss
Why are you nervous about losing?
Because I bought some tickets to a bet.
So you would lose them if you lost the game?
Yeah and if I win I get double tickets so I'm on the edge of my seat.
Gotta have faith in your team it's only five points
You are correct just slightly nervous you get me
Yeah I get you but hopefully they score again
They got the ball now so I'm hoping so
Their you go!
Yeah I should trust your basket ball judgment.
I am good at betting on basket ball for a reason
I know you do it a lot.
Next time ask me before you do it so I can advise you
I will do that for sure
Did you see the game between Purdue and Kansas?
Yes, Kansas destroyed Purdue.
Really, I figured Purdue would at least be more competitive.
They were in the first half, but they fell apart in the second half.
Who led Purdue in scoring?
Swanigan led Purdue with 18 points.
Who was Kansas' leading scorer?
Mason and Graham each scored 26 points for Kansas.
Wow, how did that happen?
Both players hit many three pointers.
I see. Who led Purdue in rebounding?
Swanigan was able to get 7 rebounds for Purdue.
Okay, who was Kansas' leading rebounder?
Jackson had 12 rebounds for Kansas.
Who led Purdue in assists?
Mathias had 7 assists for Purdue.
Which team had the higher field goal percentage?
Kansas had the higher field goal percentage with 55%
Okay, can you tell me the final score?
Purdue only scored 66 points while Kansas scored 98 points.
Did you see the Cavs and Celtics games the other night?
No, I missed it, what happened?
The Cavs blew out the Celtics by 40 points.
Yeah, that's about what I expected.
This just isn't going to be competitive.
I wanted to see the Wizards make it, but I know it wouldn't have made a difference.
Yeah, this was a Golden State and Cleveland final in the making all along.
It looked like the Spurs might have given Golden State a challenge in game one.
They were up 25 points!
I guess Steph Curry might be down but never out.
Well, the Spurs had some bad injury luck too.
Yeah, nothing you can do about that.
Do you think both teams will sweep?
Golden State, probably.
Not Cleveland?
LeBron is good, but I think Boston will steal one.
The Spurs are good too, though.
Yeah, but that injury pretty much killed their shot.
Who do you think will win it all?
Golden State, they're looking for revenge after last year.
Are you ready for another Cavs Warriors finals?
I am. It's exciting but it makes the games leading up to the Finals really boring.
I know. There hasn't been a competitive series that has involved those teams.
It's great for the league to have two really good teams, but it makes the playoffs worse until the finals.
And it'll probably be the same next year. I can't see Lebron declining anytime soon.
The guy never gets injured and never loses any of his athleticism.
How old is he?
He's going to be 33 by next year. Most NBA players start slowing down after 30.
The most impressive thing about Lebron is his durability.
The fact that he came into the league at 19 and simply has not stopped producing.
He's a machine. People are saying he could play like this until he's 40.
I think he'll retire the moment he notices himself slowing down.
I agree. He won't be able to mentally handle not being the best in the world.
The guy has believed he's better than his peers since the age of 16. He's not going to accept a smaller role.
So when do you think he'll retire
In five years. Probably 38 or 39.
That's it? We both agree he'll be every bit as good next year.
Yeah but he'll want to retire while he's on top.
Do you think we'll view Lebron as the greatest player ever.
It depends on these next five years. If he wins 2 more championships, I believe we have to.
The Cavaliers are much better than the Celtics.
Yes, that is true.
Lebron is in his prime and Irving just makes them better.
Do not forget Kevin Love.
The Warriors are good too.
Yes they are. Durant is great.
Do not forget Curry.
Yeah, he's great too.
I wonder if Lebron will get a second straight title.
I think so. He is the best player.
What do you think of the Clippers?
They are unfortunate.
Yeah, I think they care more about clubs than they do basketball.
I think they might just play for the money.
Yeah, they always choke at the end.
Do you think Leonard will be back?
Yes, but not this year.
Do you think the Warriors will sweep the Spurs?
Definitely. The Spurs are too shorthanded.
Maybe next year for the Spurs.
Who are you crowning for MVP this year?
Harden had one of the best seasons ever.
He played out of his mind.
I think that has to do with the guys around him.
Yeah they werent that good.
So he was taking the majority of shots.
The offense ran through him.
You also cant discount Westbrook either.
I think he was in a similar situation.
The amount of triple doubles he had is astounding.
Well for a guy with no other options it was par for the course.
Could Oscar Robertson do that in todays NBA?
Probably  could still do it.
So we have it narrowed down, who you giving it to.
I would say Harden.
Its good that its a debatable question.
I think James is mad he wasnt on the list.
I mean as far as value to his team, i dont know.
Harden was the team.
And so was Westbrook.
Are you watching the Celtics play the Cavs tonight?
Yeah, what time is it?
It starts at 8:30.  Who are you rooting for?
I wanted the Celtics to win, but they're getting crushed right now.
Yeah, 86 points last game?  That's embarrassing.
Seriously.  The Cavs lead by 41 points at halftime.
Who can come back from that?
It would take a miracle.  Can you imagine losing on home court like that?
I wouldn't want to show my face in public.
That press conference afterwards was tragic.
That's what happens when Isaiah Thomas gets injured and he's the one you count on most.
I heard he's out for the rest of the playoffs.
The Celts are DONE.
Better luck next year, guys.
Yeah.  The Cavs are unstoppable right now.
It's a good thing LeBron came back.
True, but he didn't score all those points by himself.
Maybe not, but he really lit a fire under their butts.
Fair enough.  Did you see how he's not an MVP finalist this year?
Yeah, what's up with that?
How did you like Lebron's reaction to the snub?
I thought it was perfect when he said "This league knows what I bring to the table."
The same people who say they are tired of the same teams in the NBA finals every year will say they loved the NBA from 87-98.
EXACTLY!!!! When the Lakers, pistons, bulls and rockets were the only teams to win championships in that 12 year span
Whats your favorite "player"
Dirk, he is the best on and off the court.
Can you believe LeBron James will become the youngest player in NBA History to reach 50,000 career minutes tonight.
I know- that stat is crazy and what makes it better is how many games he's sat out.
Do you think De'Aaron Fox will be better than John Wall?
I don't know but thats a great comparison by Calipari.
Lavar keeps running his mouth to know end and last I checked he never won a NCAA Title, NBA title or was a NBA All Star.
Right...100% Great athletes surround themselves around other great athletes
King James passes Shaq for third in field goals made in the playoffs!
It won't be long till he's #1 in all playoff categories.
James stat line....first ever with  240+ points, 50+ rebounds, 50+ assists in first 7 games of Playoff year.
He is simple the best, I know there will always be comparisons to Jordon, but come on.
Did you watch any of the Cavs vs. Raptors series?
No way! That was a waste of everyones time.
Do you think Knick fans are to full of themselves?
Knicks fans are the Jets fans of the NBA
I really want the Spurs to win the Finals.
Yeah I really like watching Leonard play.
It is nice to see someone play on both sides of the ball for sure.
Yeah the fact he isn't being more considered for MVP is a crime.
I totally agree.
I mean who else in contention plays defense as well as him.
No one, but I mean if we were being serious about MVP Lebron would win each year.
Well that is true but I think we have Lebron fatigue.
Yeah it seems like people do that.
Yeah everyone wants to race to anoint the next great one.
Yup its become a real problem.  If I had a vote it would go to Lebron for sure.
Yeah but I think this year Westbrook is going to win.
Yeah everyone seems to love him.
I am not sure why though.
He only plays offense and he only plays offense for himself.
Exactly.  I am so sick of hearing about him
I think it comes back to always wanting to find the next guy.
Yeah I think you are right.
Lets just agree it should be Lebron
OK and lets also agree the Spurs would be fun to keep watching.
Do you Think Kobe Bryant is better than Lebron James?
No because Lebron is better.
But Kobe has 5 championships.
That's not fair because he has played 20 seasons.
But he's been to the finals the same amount of times as Lebron which gave them equal opportunity.
True but Lebron's career is not over.
I'm just saying you can't be better than someone and not have more championships.
Robert Horry has more championships than Michael Jordan does that make him better than him?
I guess you have a point there.
I will admit Kobe has had a better career than Lebron.
Doesn't that make him better?
No because just because he had a better career doesn't mean he is more skilled.
Please elaborate.
Lebron is a more skilled player than Kobe but Kobe has been around longer.
What skills does Lebron have that Kobe doesn't?
Lebron can pass, rebound, play defense, run and EVERYTHING else.
So what you're saying is that Kobe is good at some things but Lebron is good at everything?
Yes, Kobe never shot above 47 percent from the field in a season but Lebron has shot 57 percent from the field in a season.
So I see, Kobe has had the better career but Lebron is a better player.
Exactly.
What is your strongpoint in basketball?
Probably just making baskets even from a distance.
Me too. I'm looking for members to start a team.
I'd be interested.
OK. We're meeting at Jordan's tomorrow at seven. Can you be there?
Yep. Can I bring Frankie and Luke?
Bring anyone you can think of.
What if we get too many members?
We'll hold tryouts then.
OK. This sounds like fun.
I agree. Basketball is good exercise.
I need to get back in shape so that's good.
We all need to get more in shape I bet.
Probably. All that running and jumping should help.
I hope it does. I want to lose thirty pounds.
I'm so glad there will be a team because I've missed playing.
So have I.
I haven't played in a while.
Neither have I but we'll get back in the swing of things soon.
I'm sure.
Hi.
Good day.
How are you.
Well, you?
Not bad.  Any interest in basketball?
Yeah I like it okay.
Do you like college or NBA.
Both I guess.
Do you have a team.
For college or pros?
Either.
Hmm let me think.
I like the Golden State Warriors I guess.
Yeah a lot of people like them.
Steph Curry is a great player.
Can't argue there.
I think they'll win it all this year.
We'll see what Lebron has to say about that.
Yeah you're right, but I still think they will beat them.
Guess we'll find out.
Is the Heat still going?
They're doing stupidly well this year.
They haven't lost yet?
Not once.
There's something crazy about that.
It's not like they've got a perfect team.
They've got an absurd line up.
Yeah, but they're not the best.
They're fairly good though.
The NBA in general has weird team set ups.
Yeah.
People just get distributed weird.
That keeps everything going though.
I mean, I guess.
It keeps the teams more dynamic than the NFL.
Yeah, definitely.
Less money and more contracts.
It's more diversified.
Yeah.
It's more complex.
i wonder what the worst traveling violation is, then
Define worst.
The longest travel.
I think you mean the most steps took. It's more common nowadays because the NBA changed the rules. They allow traveling as long as it results ina cool play
Ok fine, then whatever. What's the most number of steps taken during a play that should've been called traveling.
Um the most I've seen is 7 with Carmello.Anthony.
What happened with that?
It wasn't called. He just walked with the ball in his right hand for like 7 steps. And the end play wasn't all that cool either.
That's not fair that they're not consistent with play calls.
Well, it is pretty cool when they do break away and go down the court to make a nice play.
Like what?
Like Corey Brewer. He takes the ball away and travels clear across the court, and about mid court, he takes the ball and proceeds to dunk
Did he make it?
Yep
and he was traveling?
Really really badly. He was practically carrying the ball for half the court almost.
See, that's not fair if you ask me
Well, the play was cool. It was his ball. He took it away.
But that doesn't mean we should allow players to break the rules.
Often dribbling causes players to lose the ball. At least this exception rule, we get to see cool plays and they still count towards the game.
Do you think LeBron retires this season?
No way, if he does I would be shocked.
What happens to Cleveland after that?
They suck forever.
Relative to that, do you think Curry ever leaves Golden State?
In today's NBA, you never know
They have so many superstars that could weather it.
Yeah but nothing transcendant like him.
I think Draymond Green could hold a team together.
We havent seen that yet.
Klay Thompson could be huge but he plays a different role.
He is probably the first to leave.
Yeah I cant see him playing second fiddle much longer.
But some players want to just win.
That would be the only argument that would run counter to what you are saying.
I think hes ripe to be a superstar.
He already is.
Yeah what about Kevin Durant.
I dont know about him, he pissed me off by leaving OKC.
Yeah he shouldnt have done that. But he clearly wants to win.
Did you see the crazy dunk LeBron had?
Wait, what game?
Two days ago. With the Heat.
What was crazy about it?
He broke the backboard.
What?
He broke the backboard again.
Didn't they change the glass.
Yeah, but he broke the backboard.
Jesus.
I know, it's nuts.
They won, right?
Yes, they extremely won.
No overtime, right.
God no.
That's insane.
I screamed.
Seriously?
I actually screamed.
That's nuts.
Do you know anything about basketball?
Not really.
Would you like to learn some basics?
Sure.
Have you ever seen or handled a basketball?
Yes.  It's a large ball that bounces easily and can be held in one hand, if it's a big hand!
Right.  Have you seen a basketball court?
I have.  It's a large open floor with backboards and hoops on either end.  It's about half as wide as it is long.
Right.  Do you know the objective of the game?
I think so.  Points are scored when a player throws the ball through the hoop.  Who ever scores the most points before the clock runs out is the winner.
That's right.  Do you know how many players are allowed to play the game?
No.  But I do know that some are playing while others sit on the sidelines.
Yes, some are one the sidelines resting while 5, per team, are on the floor playing the game.  So a total of 10 players play the game.
I see.  Who are the people with the stripped shirts who are on the floor?
They are the referees.  They watch the play to enforce the rules of the game.
So the game has rules?
Yes, a number of them that makes the game fair for each side.  Too many to go into detail now.
I see.  What are the names of the positions on the court?
A couple of positions include a point guard who shoots shots from the perimeter and a center who is the tallest person who shoots under the hoop.
I have alot to learn about this sport!
Did you like that playoff matchup between the Celtics and Wizards last night?
Yeah, it was ok, but I wish it would have come down to a buzz beater.  I like the extra drama of a last second shot.
That definitely would have made it better, but did you see that dunk by Wall?
Oh yeah! It was awesome! It looked like it floated through air for five minutes.
I expected the Celtics to shoot better from behind the arc, did you notice that poor shooting?
I did.  I thought the same, since they shot so well during the regular season.  I think Thomas might be slightly hurt though.
He may have been, but why is shooting that many threes when he didn't make a single one?  I thought he should have been driving and slashing more, to create open shots for his teammates.
That's a good question.  He does seem to get focused on his own scoring too much.
How do you think this series turns out now?
I think they'll end up going to seven games.  Neither team seems to be able to win on the road.
Did you watch the playoff game, Spurs and Rockets?
No, I haven't been following the series. What's going on with it?
Today, the Spurs won in overtime. The game was a bit ugly, but it was close and exciting.
Was Harden getting a ton of free throws?
No, just a lot of turnovers and missed shots at the end.
Yeah, I guess that can happen with a team that shoots a ton of 3s.
So the Spurs are up 3-2 now, but game 6 is in Houston.
You think the Spurs will close it out or it will go to 7?
I think Houston probably wins at home, and then game 7 will be a toss-up.
Yeah, they seem pretty evenly matched from what I've seen.
I thought the Spurs were in trouble when Tony Parker hurt his leg, but Patty Mills has filled in pretty well.
Oh, I didn't realize he got hurt.
Yeah, out for the season. Nene on the Rockets got hurt too.
Both older guys, that makes sense.
I think either team is going to have to play out of their minds to beat the Warriors though.
Yeah, they're definitely another level above these teams.
Plus they are resting right now, while these teams play 2-3 extra games.
And you said this one went to overtime, so that's even more wear and tear.
True, good point. That's the beauty of being a top seed, you're more likely to win quick and get more rest.
Yeah, good call.
How can you watch this stuff? It's so boring.
What? Basketball? It's am exciting game
Did you watch the Red Sox - Yankees game last night?
Of course, I would never miss a rivalry game.
Did you watch the game until it was finished?
Yes, I watched the whole ballgame, even though it went into extra innings.
That looked like strike three to me.
I disagree, that pitch was outside.
How many homeruns do you think he'll hit this year?
Hopefully more than last year.
Why didn't the runner tag up on that fly ball?
I guess he didn't think it was hit deep enough.
Do you follow your favorite team's entire organization or only the major league club?
I only have time to keep track of the major league team?
What is your favorite MLB team?
My favorite team is the Chicago Cubs.
Do you think they retaliate for hitting that batter with the pitch?
Probably not, it didn't look intentional.
The shouldn't have walked that batter, he's really fast.
I agree.  He's probably going to steal second base.
Do you like the Designated Hitter rule?
No, I'm a fan of how the National League makes pitchers bat.
How about that Phillies bullpen?
It might be the worst baseball has ever seen!
They just dont have one guy that can get anyone out.
Feel for the manager, its like the wheel of death
They literally do not have one dependable arm.
Bullpens are hard to staff
Its a hit or miss part of the team
I mean who do you think could do that job?
Staff a pen?
No throw a seamless inning.
In their pen, Neshek?
Maybe but hes had issues
I dont think theyve thrown him into the fire.
They tried one time in the 8th and he didnt do bad.
Again, its tough to think what you could do with that kind of arm.
I think youll see the team not address the needs ever.
Vince Velasquez could be their new closer soon
I dont think so, dont take away from the rotation to supplement your pen.
Well bad teams dont need good arms back there.
Yeah thats why I think theyll do it piece meal for the rest of the year.
Grant is making up a new baseball team called the Basemasters.
That's cool. Are there tryouts?
Tomorrow at one. Are you going?
I might watch. I was thinking of my brother actually.
He's a great pitcher. He'd do great.
He really is. I bet he'd make it on the team.
Does he still practice?
He does every few days with his friends.
We haven't had a team in a long time so I see why there's so much interest. Lots of people are going so your brother will have competition.
I'll tell him about it as soon as I get home.
We should tell Jenson too. He's a great batter.
Remember that home run he hit last summer?
That was crazy.
Did they ever find that ball?
No, never.
That's hilarious. He should try out.
We'd win a lot of games with Jenson and your brother on the team.
Absolutely.
I know Grant is just going to coach and stuff.
He likes to manage and organize.
Did you see the Astros-Yankees game yesterday?
Which one? They had to play two games due to bad weather this weekend.
The night game, the one that was broadcast on ESPN.
Yes, I did see that one, where Derek Jeter's number was retired.
The Yankees almost made a comeback, but still lost 10-7.
They must have, because when I watched it, the Astros were up 9-0.
That's because in large part to George Springer hitting two home runs.
Don't forget Bregman's grand slam.
That too, and that just spoiled the Yankees' night.
Yeah, but at least they won the first game of the doubleheader.
Didn't the Nationals and the Phillies have to play two yesterday also?
Yes. The bad weather was all over the northeast, causing many games to be postponed.
I saw that Bryce Harper hit a home run in the first game.
He hit the game winning home run Saturday night.
That kid is amazing. He's got one of the best batting averages right now.
And he is indeed still a kid. He's only 24 years old.
He might be in the hall of fame once his career is over.
I predict he will have at least 500 home runs in his career.
I think he'll have more than that, perhaps 600 or 650 home runs.
There are very few baseball players who have hit that many home runs.
I used to go to minor league ball games.  They were exciting and the players were all trying to make a name for themselves.
I went to mostly Yankees games.  Like I saw that one armed pitcher Jim Abbott pitch a no hitter for 8 innings until it was broken up by a hit by Bo Jackson of the White Sox.
Cool. It must have been nice to be in that park.  I liked the minor league games as they were much cheaper to attend and sometimes big stars would play in rehab games or appear.
It does cost to go to the show.  That game I saw a Yankee steal home successfully.  Almost couldn't believe what i was looking at.
Reggie Jackson came to the minor league park as an attraction after he retired and put on a home run show.  He must have hit the ball about 500 feet about 15 times in towering drives.  That was cool.
Neat.  A few weeks after the Abbott game they played the Indians and that time he made a no hitter.  That was awesome.  What a thrill to see such a special game.
I bet.  The minor league games I attended were very fast paced and the players seemed to go full tilt for the whole game.  What some of them lacked in talent they made up for wit hustle and guts.
I was lucky in that we scored tickets from a well connected friend.  It lasted for a few years and all I needed to do was pay for food and the seats were great.
The minor league games were fun.  I remember there were a group of people in the upper deck that always wore aviators goggles and hats.
Ha ha that must have looked funny. I remember some of the fans used to heckle the players.  Didn't like that too much as it seemed pretty rude.
They had a couple funny mascots that ran around for the entire game.  They pulled all kinds of pranks and entertained the crowd.
I just remember the music playing on the organ.  They did not have a mascot so in dead time you had to pretty much entertain yourself.
Well I just liked the minor league park as it was close to home and very entertaining.  Those hot dogs were really good too and the kids loved it.
We went to a Phillies game once at the old Veteran's Stadium. It was like going to a fight and a baseball game broke out.  They were pretty rowdy there.
I don't remember seeing many scraps at the minor league park.  It was close a couple times and both benches cleared but the umps got it under control in time.
I don't remember seeing any fights at the Yankee games.  Just in the parking lot when everyone tried to leave at the same time.
They had special days at the park too, they gave away things like small bats, team balls, caps and the like.  Every week there was something else to draw the fans to the park.
I did not go to that many Yankee games.  I think it was about ten over a few years.  I do not remember if they had gimmicks.  Maybe some little trinkets.
It was so fun to go to the games. There were sights, sounds and smells that were at no other place and i will always remember them.
For sure.  If you got there at the right time they would let you go to the monument park and look at the bronze plaques  That was pretty cool too.  Nothing like going to the old ball game!
Alright, dude, I got a beef about baseball.
I'm trying to eat...
Anyway, why aren't more baseball players in jail?
Again, I'm eating here. But go ahead. What are you ranting about this time?
Well, we see baseball players get into fights on a semi-regular basis. At least every week or two the benches clear, there are punches thrown.
Yes, and?
And they take bats and destroy them, they break water coolers when mad, they throw bases around.
Yeah, they're playing kids games. They're kids, pretty much. What's your point?
What are the penalties that they get from MLB?
Usually a $5,000 fine and a 2- to 3-game suspension.
And if this happened in real life? Someone throws an object at your head at 95 miles per hour, and people get into a big fight?
They... oh...
Yeah, they go to jail. And pay fines that actually cost a lot of money, relatively, instead of the amount they get paid per inning played.
So, why do you think they don't go to jail?
I don't know. They should, especially if they are supposed to be role models for kids.
I'd love to see cops on the field actually putting these players in handcuffs and tasering them.
Their personalities alone deserve it. But anyway, the other problem is that MLB doesn't do enough to dissuade the fights.
The fans cheer it heavily, too.
So, they are promoting violence while not showing any true consequences.
Yeah, they care more about what players put into their bodies than actual crimes. Kind of weird.
Where does baseball go from here?
Thats kind of a vague question, what do you mean?
Do they grow the game internationally?
I think its predominantly Latin right now
Yeah but can you see Mexico getting a baseball team?
I dont know about that, theyre a poor country
They love baseball though.
Players would have a tough time finding a place to live.
Well you just need a hotel for most of the time.
True, I just dont see them thinking thats the direction they want to go in
Do you think another expansion team will come into play?
I think they need to fix something.
I dont like the interleague play at all.
I think its ruined the sanctity of the game.
They should never have moved Houston to the AL West.
I agree, they didnt think that through
Heres the thing I bet they did
And thats the best  they  came up with?
Sure, they arent the brightest minds
How can you even say that?
Did you see the game between the Giants and Dodgers last night?
Yes.  It was a big game between rivals.
Yes, I always try to catch those big rivalry games.
The Giants won, right?
Yes.  I think they've won four straight games now.
Interesting.  They have not looked good for most of the season.
No they haven't.  But they started getting some players back from the DL.
I heard.  They got Crawford back, right?
Yes. He's a good player so that is important.
And Buster Posey is hitting home runs all of a sudden.
Yea, I saw something that said he hit just one home run in April and six already in May.
That's pretty amazing, he's not a guy known for huge power.
No, especially in that ballpark.  But he's off to a great season offensively.
He is a former MVP, so that is to be expected.
What do you think about the Dodgers so far this season?
Honestly I thought they would be just a bit better, but it's still early.
Do you think they are still the favorites in the NL West?
Yes.  The Rockies look good, but I think in the end the Dodgers will win.
What about the Giants?
No way.  They dug themselves too deep a hole already, in my opinion.
Did you see the Orioles game yesterday?
Yeah, I thought my TV color was messed up because everything looked pink.
I know, It took me a minute to realize they were actually wearing pink for Mother's Day.
Kind of a disappointing loss.
Yeah, had them down 5-0 at one point.
Yup, All it takes is one big inning.
Still can't believe they got swept.
Right, especially after blowing the save vs the Nats right before this series
I think we've only lost like 2 series all year
Still feels like we are slumping big time
That could change when Britton gets back
I never thought having a shutdown closer was so important
Now you know what the Nationals feel like lol
Davis had a big shot yesterday
Hopefully he's getting his groove back
Yeah, I was starting to get worried about him.
He's not a liability defensively but he's not living up to his reputation right now
Eh, we've got enough people in the line-up who can put the ball in play that we can afford a HR lull from time to time.
Schoop is turning into one of the most reliable players we have.
Yup, that's why Buck has him batting 2nd.  I wouldn't be surprised if he or Manny take Hardy's spot as short next year.
Aroldis Chapman on the DL with shoulder issues.
Not good news.
Yeah, but the Yankees at least have Betances to fill in as a reliable closer.
That's good, but this is really bad for Chappy.
He's only on the 10 day DL, it can't be too bad.
Not necessarily, they put him on the 10 day disabled list to hold for evaluation.
So it could be worse than that?
Yes. Anytime you hear shoulder injury it is a reason for pause.
It is being reported as shoulder soreness, not bad.
Well rotator cuff for a pitchers is very serious. Lot of guys never get well.
You're right, Scott Kazmir might be one of the only guys to salvage something after major shoulder issues.
Right, and he had to change his style and it took years to get it back.
Now I'm worried.
Well it could be managed, but shoulder is serious opposed to elbow issues or other injuries.
Let's hope it's minor and he gets through it.
For his sake I do hope so. The guy throws hard and anything that jeopardizes that can be career threatening.
Yep. You have to think it's somewhat unsurprising that he would eventually have an issue.
Reminds me a little bit of Wood and Prior.
But Chapman is a reliever so maybe he has a better chance of working through it.
Probably why they made him a reliever in the first place, they had to know the risk of throwing that hard would be best in small doses.
Hi.
Hey.
How are you.
Good you?
Great.
That's good to hear.  You into baseball?
I do follow it. you?
Yeah I like baseball.
Did you play?
Yeah I played a bit, you?
Yeah me too.  Did you play in high school?
No only little league.
Oh I see.
What about you?
Yeah played a bit in high school.
Were you good?
I was okay.
What position?
I played first base.
Cool.
Who are the top Rookie of the Year candidates for this season?
Benintendi and I dunno.
You a Sox fan or is that just your guess?
Nah I'm a Rangers fan actually. Just think Benintendi is the front runner.
I like him, but wow, you're a Rangers fan and didn't say Gallo?
Does Gallo have eligibility? He's played small parts in three seasons.
Hmmm good point.
I just checked he had 133 ab the last 2 years and the cutoff is 130 so nah he's ineligible.
Oooh so close, that stinks.
Yeah. Even though I'm a Rangers fan and like the longball, he's not exactly doing much else at the plate either.
What about Swanson for the NL?
Yeah maybe, he's a popular pick but I can't call the National League. Thinking pitcher for some reason.
You're right there, I was thinking possibly Glasnow but no one is really head n shoulders.
Bell for the Pirates too...he's in the mix for NL ROY I'd think.
Maybe Renfroe and Margot for the Padres, but Petco might dampen their stats in comparison to others.
Those are two other good choices. NL has a lot of young talent this year.
It'll probably be some guys we've never even heard of that come up and get hot that win and we'll all be wrong lol.
LOl yea. Speaking of hot, what about Aaron Judge?
How could we forget that lol I think he's got a leg up on Benintendi at the moment.
Yeah I change my pick lol
Have you ever been to a live major league baseball game?
No, I think baseball is so boring.
I bet you wouldn't think it was so boring if you saw a game in person.
Why do you say that?
At a live baseball game, you're more engaged, it's more exciting.
There are too many commercials in televised baseball games! It makes the games last a ridiculously long period of time.
That's why live major league baseball games are exciting: there aren't any commercial breaks.
What else do you think makes live baseball so much better?
There's sort of a sense of community. Even if you don't normally follow a team, it's fun to get caught up in rooting for one of the teams.
I have to admit that when the crowd is involved with cheers or doing the wave, it does look fun.
And you get to see the super-fans up close, the guys who paint their faces and dye their hair to match the teams' colors.
Do you think the players really notice that?
I do. I think the players draw on the energy of the crowd and the excitement of the fans.
It's a shame that major league games have become so expensive.
I know. It costs more for a family of 4 to go to a game, park, get hot dogs and sodas and maybe a ball cap or t-shirt,  than it cost me to attend a semester at college!
Going to a game can cost as much as a used car! It makes the experience out of reach for so many ordinary people. That may be why baseball has become less popular over the years.
Why do you think the games have become so expensive to attend?
I think it's because they pay the players so much more than they used to. Athletes are paid as much as rockstars, and the fans ultimately pay the price.
So do you think you'd like to go to a major league game sometime.
Sure, I just need to win the lottery first!
I went to the game last night.
I was there to.
Did you get the give away?
Yeah
Did you like it?
Not really, why?
Just asking. What a game Kershaw pitched.
I thought one of his best.
I agree.
That guy had one of the best sinkers ever.
Don't forget about his curve.
If you had a chance to hit against him wild you?
Sure.won't you?
No I would be too afraid to get hit by his pitch.
I can't believe he went 8 innings with Pitt let's them get a hit.
A simple bloop single could do it.
I would not be surprised.
Why?
He looked tied.
Wouldn't thou bee after 87 pitched?
Hi
Hey.
How are you?
Doing good, you?
Doing okay.
Do you watch a lot of baseball?
I don't get to as much as I like.
Do you have a particular team that you go for?
I like a local team near me.
Oh, like a minor league team?
Yeah.
That sounds like fun.
Yeah they are great.
Are tickets expensive?
No not at all, we go all the time.
That sounds like fun.
Yeah it's a blast and the kids love it.
Very cool.
Take it easy.
You too.
Who do you feel is the greatest baseball player of all time?  I have quite a few ideas myself.
Wow, that is a hot topic that would have plenty of good arguments.  I could only say fro sure that the most winning team was the Yankees. Great players mostly have great statistics
Sure, the hall of fame is full of players with high statistics that were consistent.  I would go with Ted Williams as the greatest hitter, although he was an average player in the field.  Then there are the players in the dead ball era.
There were quite a few players at and above Williams' level. How about Ty Cobb and Babe Ruth?
They were both quite fantastic in their times and there was much excitement and controversy around their careers and styles. I also liked Hank Aaron
Sure, he had the numbers and was very consistent for about 22 seasons.  The only controversy was when he approached the home run record.  Sadly, there was a lot of hating going on.
He was a good fielder and all around player.  A strong role model as well.  A credit to any team and someone to look up to.  He belongs higher on the list than he might actually be.
There were quite a few players with high numbers in the 80's to the 2000's that put up astounding performances like Mark McGuire, Barry Bonds, Roger Clemens and others that subsequently were found to have used performance enhancement drugs
Yeah, that got into the courts and some players were to have been found to even committed perjury i think.  It was really sad.
Sure for quite some time there were so many players that suddenly came to camp looking like the Incredible Hulk.  It was in all of the sports to some extent.  You can't really blame the athletes too much as they all wanted to achieve stardom, do it better and faster, be stronger to dominate
Yes, and many looked the other way as the hulks were drawing crowds with their exploits.  The players to really admire during this period are ones like Derek Jeter who never touched the stuff and played outstanding ball for a generation.
Absolutely, and it seems the ones that got caught up in the steroids are not getting into the Hall of Fame too fast either.
Yeah, guys like Mickey Mantle were pretty big but he was naturally with a great physique.  I guess the only thing you could say about him is that he hurt himself by drinking too much and didn't take very good care of himself.
Back to the great players.  There were a lot of great pitchers.  Of the more modern era I liked Nolan Ryan, with all those strikeouts.
Sure, He had a hundred mile an hour fastball and threw it until he retired in his late forties somehow.  He was very intimidating to the batters.
He wasn't known for hitting batters on purpose, the fast pitch was hard enough to hit and he was a tough guy but a pretty good sport.
One that did not get much notoriety was Hoyt  Wilhelm.  He didn't make the majors until his late 20's from his war service and was best known as a n awesome relief pitcher.
I think he hit a home run in his first big league at bat and had a screwball that was almost impossible to hit.  I don't know how many saves he had but i think he played until he was almost 50.
Now the pitchers usually only pitch for a few innings and are pulled for specialists like mid inning relievers and closers.  They usually only allow them to throw a certain number of pitches then pull them out to not strain them.
Well, I think the greatest of all time was Babe Ruth as he was a great pitcher who turned outfielder so he could play and hit every day.  He was another one that lived too fast and did his body harm from that.  I guess the argument would go on forever as long as the game will be played..
How do you feel about bench warnings?
I think it keeps baseball grounded.
But there are unwritten rules.
I understand those but some of them are antiquated.
If someone bunted to break up a no hitter you wouldnt have a problem?
No because the name of the game is to get on base.
Thats a progressive thought
I think you do what you need to in order to get on base.
What about throwing at a guy?
Bench warning should only be given if the ball goes near the head.
So if they throw at the ribs you are OK with that?
Yes its baseball thats how you keep players in line
It seems barbaric to me.
Other sports are way worse.
I just dont like the ejections automatically
Coaches should control themselves.
I think they do a good job of that.
Well not when their bench gets warned.
Thats true.
They have to keep the focus of the team on their minds.
How about those Astros?
I know, first place! I can't believe it!
Those young guys finally playing well.
I agree, Correa, Springer, Altuve.
It's a really bright future.
The manager finally seems to have control of the team too.
I think the Veterans added to the team help a lot.
Certainly, you can't overlook the veteran players added to the team.
Do you think they will go all the way?
It's impossible to predict, I'd just enjoy it while it lasts.
Definitely, not every day you get to support a first place team.
Exactly, they certainly have the talent to continue winning games.
Did you see them play the Yankees?
Yeah, I was surprise with how much better they proved to be.
You know what could stop them? A trade.
They are not trading anyone I imagine, why fix what isn't broken?
I mean if another team gets better by trade, like the Yankees.
Ah yeah, that would suck. I still think though the Astros are very good.
Certainly, I hope we will see them in the World Series.
Yeah, that would be a dream come true.
Hi.
Hey.
What's up?
Not much.  You?
Same.
Do you watch baseball?
Yeah I like baseball.
Same here.
Do you have a favorite team?
I do.  But they're a local team.
Oh that's cool, we have one of those near us as well.
I love taking the family, so much fun.
Yeah I bet that is a good time.
What is the name of the team?
They're the smokies.
Oh okay, who are they a farm team for?
You know I'm not sure.  Mets maybe?
Oh okay.
See ya.
bye.
Did you see Jose Batista get hit while up to bat last night?
No.  And I thought that is only a controversy when he's playing the Baltimore Orioles.
Yes!  It usually is.  In fact he is playing them tonight; we should watch the game.
I wonder if there is anything brewing between those two teams this year.
Yeah.  There always is.  I wouldn't be surprised if he gets hit between the letters first pitch!
Well, you have to remember they will be more focused on winning then anything.
You never know.  People are people and when they hold grudges, I think that might trump the game.
Not when millions of dollars are on the line!
That's true.  Who is favored anyway?
I think the Orioles have a better record, but have been in a bit of a slide lately.
Yeah, that's what I heard.
I wouldn't be surprised if Toronto took it to them tonight.
Me either.  What time is the game?
I think first pitch is at 7:05pm.
Who is pitching for the Orioles?
I'm not sure, possibly Dillon Bundy?
He's a pretty decent pitcher.
He more the decent.  He is the ace of their staff right now.
Sorry, I forgot Tillman is still down.
Yeah, until he gets his body and mind right again, Bundy is the ace.
Why did Harper not get a longer deal?
It is shocking cant see him being a Nat for too long.
I mean Trout got his deal right away.
Thats why I think hes done quicker than we think.
Can you see him signing elsewhere?
New York is probably going to run to him
I thought the Yankees were done with that stuff.
They are but for generational talents theyll line up
So the Yankees are his landing spot.
Unless washington does something
If you are him, are you signing with them?
No I would not. They dont show faith in him.
Could he demand a trade
No because that doesnt solve his contract issue.
So the ill will the Nats are showing him will cost them?
Yes in 2 ways
Which are?
They are going to have to overpay for him and they may have to trade him
Man he holds all the cards in this one
I just think he deserves a much bigger deal than the one year extensions he keeps getting.
What a game last night.
It sure was.
Aren't you glad you we?
Yes, thanks for the tickets.
No problem.
So now we are in first place?
We are tied with the giants.
How long have they been our rivals?
Ever since both were in New York.
Wow.
That was cool you got a foul ball.
It was pretty cool.
What did you do with the ball?
I gave it to my boyfriend.
Does he know you went with me?
No, if he found out he would be upset.
Let's take him tonight.
Let's buy tickets.
I'll buy them.
Get 4 tickets.
Wow, there are a few surprises going on in baseball this year.
Yes, I am surprised how poorly the Cubs are doing.
How about those Milwaukee Brewers.
Yes, as of today, they are actually leading their division.
I am not sure they will continue doing so well.
They seem to have the hitting but, pictching is not fantastic.
I think they have won 5 games in a row now.
Yes, I noticed they were actually a couple of games ahead of the Cubs.
Houston is another team that is surprising.
I noticed they have the best record in baseball.
I know they have a pretty good pitching staff.
There hitting is also very good.
Those in the know say they will last.
Would not surprise me.
I noticed the Dodgers are doing as well as everyone had predicted.
Yeah, I think they are only a couple of games above 500.
Who do you think is the best team in the American league?
For me it is a toss up between the Astros and the Yankees.
I am not crazy about the rule changed that just allows you to walk a batter intentionally just by letting the umpire know.
I don't like it either. Takes away from some of the excitement of throwing 4 balls without throwing a passed ball.
Are you a baseball fan like I am?
Yes I am!
What is your favorite team?
I would have to say the St. Louis Cardinals.
Me too! I have always supported them and they always do well.
They sure do, they win the world series often.
Who is your favorite player on the Cardinals team?
Well I would say Pujols but he left the team not long ago.
Yeah that was a shame, he was a good player
Do you know why he left the team?
No I do not, but I am happy that the Cardinals are still an amazing team without him.
Well that is because they have many other great players as well.
That is true, do you think they are going to win the next world series?
I sure do! I think that they have a really good chance this year.
I cannot believe the Cubs finally won it not too long ago.
Yeah that was amazing, nobody thought that they could pull it off.
Well they have always been rivals to the Cardinals and that helped them to get better.
I love the rivalries in baseball, it is one of my favorite parts.
Every team has their own rivals, drama makes anything more exciting.
It sure does as long as it isn't my own life that has drama!
What do you think is an acceptable batting average?
I think that question is hard to answer.
How so?
There are a bunch of mitigating factors.
Like what?
How good is the hitter? Is he a power hitter? Contact hitter?
Ok lets start with the power hitter.
Alright since they tend to make contact that is productive I would say .270
And how about for contact hitters?
Acceptable would be .310
Those are some pretty lofty goals.
Well singles hitters need to spray the ball more and they usually do.
And power hitters?
They make more long outs so thats why I would dip them below .300
I just think .310 is too high for an acceptable rate, that would lead the league sometimes
No, I think .350 and above should be a league leader.
How about for a power hitter who leads the league in batting
If that were the case I would say .320.
Its hard to judge based just on batting average I guess
Thats where I Was going
Did you see the scuffle between Joey Bats and the Braves?
Yeah I saw it, Jose getting into it again.
What do you think about his bat flip?
I think it was dumb of him to do when they were losing, but the Braves should not been butthurt about it.
The next game The Braves hit Joey in the thigh deliberately.
Well, I hope it angered Jose and motivated him to hit another dinger.
I agree with you, bro. Braves will continue to be wussies.
True. Every Brave except Bartolo haha.
Bartolo Colon truly is big sexy.
I hope he stays in the league forever.
Yeah, dude. We need to see him hit another bomb.
Hope he starts when the Braves come over to AT&T Park later this month.
Me too! I'm down to going if he pitches. You down as well?
Yep, definitely! Haven't been to a game all year!
Sweet. I'll hit you up if I hear any more about the series.
Hope Giants can turn things around fast.
Yep. They are really struggling.
The last series with the Reds and Dodgers wasn't bad though.
True. They've got the Cards coming up. You think they'll win the series?
They should be able to. Or else I will be disappointed.
Do you follow baseball
only a little
Did you see the World Series last year?
Just the final game
Who is your favorite team
The Rockies
Oh, they've really struggled
Yeah, I used to cheer for the Reds when I lived in Cincinatti
Who was your favorite Reds player
Of all time it would be johnny bench
Not Pete Rose?
I like Charlie Hustle but he's still tainted I suppose
Kind of like Bonds
Yep, still one of the great pure hitters
I never saw him play but my dad did
My dad was a big New York Yankees fan back in the day
Too bad the Dodgers left
Yes, that was some rivalry
You don't get those kinds of rivalries these days
No, it's all professional
Do you think they can speed the game up anymore?
Oh they definitely can soon.
I would like to see batters take pitches quicker.
That is the easiest route to take.
I would say once they get the ball back they have 10 seconds to throw it.
Yeah I would be OK with that.
And get rid of all the relief pitching changes.
I think thats a fine line they have to toe.
What do you mean by that?
Well who is to tell a manager who he can put it.
The problem is that takes 6 minutes sometimes to do.
Yeah just eliminate the warm up pitches on the mound.
Then theres advertising dollars that are lost
I dont think so because what if theres no changes.
True. Any more suggestions?
I would start there and go forward
I think you are on to something.
They may be able to reduce some times in other places but I am not sure what that would entail.
Trimming the roster?
That could be the way to stop with all the relievers.
Did you think Pete Rose should be banned from the Hall of Fame?
No. I think his accomplishments speak for themselves. But what about his sins?
You mean like gambling on the sport he played for?
Exactly. Do you think that overshadows his accomplishments?
I personally don't, but the majority of other people do.
I dont think its right, I think he should be in.
How would you convince other people to think that way?
Ha! Thats easy. I would prove to them he deserves it.
And how would you do that?
He's an all-time MLB hits leader! How do you not put him in???
Because he disgraced the game by gambling.
Fans like you disgrace the game by disgracing his legacy!
What else has he done?
He's the all-time leader in games played, singles and outs! You cant deny his greatness.
So he's the all-time MLB leader in hits, games played, singles and outs?
Yep.
How do they even make an argument for keeping him out.
Exactly.
What about his gambling?
What about it? He didnt boost his stats or his performance so screw it.
Hey! Did you catch the Yankees and Mets game last night?
You know it! I never miss a Yankees game.
Oh, that's right you have season tickets don't you?
Yup! Right above the 1st baseline.
Wow, those sound like great seats! Did you catch any foul balls?
No, not this time. But I did catch a few Derek Jeter foul balls back in the day.
They did like to pitch him inside..Whens the next game?
The Yankees play the Rays tomorrow at home, I have an extra ticket if you'd like to come?
That would be awesome, I haven't been to a basbeball game in years!
Sweet, i'll pick you up at 330? Chris Archer is pitching!
330 sounds good to me. Oh no way! That's easily one of the best Ray's players!
Yeah, Archer is pretty great. DIdn't you play baseball in high school?
Yes sir, I played centerfield but I was never any good.
Oh hush, I bet you we're the star of your team! I play in a softball league if you ever want to swing the ol' bat again!
A softball team and Yankee's tickets?! You must be the nicest person ever.
I just have a love for the sport. Baseball is America's pastime.
Well, I gotta get home before the Cardinals game tonight. Thanks again for the invite!
Oh no problem, Good luck to the cardinals and say hi to your wife for me!
Sound's good! see you tomorrow for some baseball!
Have a Home Run of a night!
Who do you think the front runners for the World Series are this year?
Well, I think obviously you have to start with the two teams that were in it last year, the Cubs and the Indians.
But both of them are struggling a bit right now, and other teams are surging.
Well, yes they aren't leading either of their perspective leagues, but I think they are still frontrunners.
Why do you think that is?
I think the Indians are a little banged up, and coming off a long year, and they are still in the lead of their division.
What about the Cubs?
The Cubs still have one of the most dangerous and young lineups in Baseball.
Yeah, but they don't have great starting pitching and their bullpen is not great.
That is true, but they can always go and get someone at the deadline.
What about Encarnacion not playing well?
He has traditionally gotten off to slow starts, but I think he will pick up where he left off last year. Who do you like?
Well, I think that the Yankees are a year ahead of schedule and they are young and powerful lineup that can really do damage.
You think the Cubs pitching staff is bad, but you are okay with the staff of the Yankees.
Of course not, just like Cubs, their starting pitching is pretty bad. But they have a lot of ammunition for midseason trades.
That is true, they do have a lot of young talent, but will they be willing to part with it, for rental players?
I think they will move some pieces.
What about in the National League, anyone you like?
Other than the Cubs, I guess the Dodgers would be the favorite. Best pitcher in baseball and also that lineup.
Yes the Dodgers are always a threat to win it all.
Which of the Mission Impossible movies did you like the most?
Probably Ghost Protocol.
Isn't that the one where they were dodging sandstorms in the middle east?
Yup, and he was clinging to the building.
That had a really funny line in it, and Simon Pegg is hilarious.
Yours?
Mission Impossible 3.
Really?? Why that one?
That was one of the best-rated, acted, and written. It just didn't get publicity because it's when Tom Cruise came out as crazy.
Oh, right after the couch-jumping scene and Scientology. I'll watch it.
Have you seen the new Logan movie yet?
You mean the Xmen movie?
Well, it's not really much super hero stuff.
How if Wolverine is in it?
It's about him trying to just get by.He's a drunk.
My favorite character wasting his life.
Well, not really. It really kicks in when he tries to help someone.
Who, another Xmen?
Not really, but you have to watch it yourself. Lots of action.
Well of course with Hugh Jackman in it.
What was the weakest Action movies of all time?
Weakest?
Yeah. The most lame action movie.
That's hard to say because if the action is weak, then it is no longer considered an action movie.
Good point.
However, if I had to choose just one, I would choose "The Last Action Hero"
Was that the one with Arnold?
Yah. Pump me up.
Why that movie?
It had seriously lame action scenes, totally unbelievable villians, and yet it still had the guts to put the word "Action" in the title!
What is your favorite action movie franchise?
Marvel hands down.
I like Pirates of the Caribbean.
Both franchises are great.
What action movie do you hate?
I hated Jupiter Ascending.
I don't like the Matrix because the first was good but the next two ruined it.
I like old action movies as well.
Me too I like the Terminator.
I prefer the Die Hard movies.
Did you ever see Con Air?
Probalby my favorite Nicholas Cage film.
That movie had everyone!
Even Dave Chapelle.
He was so funny!
Who played the main villian?
Cyrus?
Yeah.
John Malcovich.
That right!
John Wick 2 is a beautifully shot film.
You're not kidding. Tons of wide shots.
Right. Yeah. Great choreography.
And the editing.
The editing is particularly impressive in that there are actually a lot of long takes.
None of that crappy two second shot lengths like in a lot of action films.
Sure,  Quantum of Solace feels so long be cause it has about a  million edits in it.
It's the shortest James Bond film, but it feels like the longest.
And that's why John Wick 2 feels so great. The action is very fluid and not chopped up.
It means you can appreciate things like the pencil scene.
I just saw The French Connection.
Number 1 or 2?
Number 1.
Gene Hackman is great in that.
Roy Scheider wasn't bad, either.
Who was the French crime lord?
Fernando Rey, in a distinguished performance.
Neat.  I forget the director.
William Friedkin.
Wow, who can forget The Exorcist?
What's your favorite action movie?
I'd have to say Heat
Yea, Robert De Niro was so good
It had the perfect blend of action and character development
It had such good actors and the directors really took it to the next level
It was interesting to see all the movies that copied it.
I think The Town was nearly a direct copy of Heat.
Yea, but they did give homage to it with some scenes of it playing on Ben Afflecks characters tv.
It's hard to get such quality action films
There are a few good ones which I will always rewatch.
Do you like action movies?
I do! I love going to the theatre to see them.
What kind of action movies do you enjoy?
I really love action movies with strong female leads, what about you?
I'm really into dystopian action movies, a lot of them start out as books and are translated onto screen really well.
I love dystopian everything. Dystopian action films with strong female leads have really blown up in the last few years.
Thats so true. The entire action genre has really split into so many different categories, its no longer just blowing stuff up.
Yeah, I think it's because you can only blow so much stuff up before it gets boring for the viewers.
There's definitely some classics that are mostly just blowing things up that I still enjoy though.
I agree, you can't beat a classic.
Do you like Sylvester Stallone?
Yeah I do.
Did you like him in Rocky?
Yes I love Rocky I seen all the movies.
Me too I like when he beat the Russian.
Yes he was tough to beat. It was a shame he killed his buddy.
It sure was. I am glad Rocky got him.
Did you like him in the Expendables?
Yes I did. I seen all but the new one.
The new one is good you should watch if you get time.
I love action movies
Is it your favorite
I think they might be
Why
It is just unrelenting
Well that is interesting
What is your favorite
I love comedies
Do you like action comedies
Sure why not
Can you recommend any good action movies for us?
You mean a new one or old?
Doesn't matter.
Have you seen the movie Hitman?
I don't think so. Who's in it?
Timothy Olyphant is the main actor.
No, never watched it. Is it new?
No. Actually it's from 2007.
Is there a lot of action?
Sure is. He is a great actor too.
Do you like action films?
I love them!
What is your favorite?
Well, for new ones, I would say Logan.
The Marvel one?
Yes, it was full of action.
Was it not like any other Marvel film?
No, it was more like a cop show, lots of killing and action, but a hint of mutant.
Was it very gory?
It was rated R for good reason.
Have you seen Ninja Assassin?
No, what's that?
You'd love it, I'm sure.
Probably, the title is great.
Basically, there's a clan of ninjas.
Let me guess, one's an assassin?
Well, duh. But more specifically, he is kicked out of and then hunted down by his clan.
Oooh, nice. How's the action?
Completely hilariously over-the-top, but overly-edited.
I'll have to check it out.
Have you seen the new Mummy movies?
Is is action of horror?
It is an action one, a bit of horror, but mostly action.
No, I have not have you?
Yes.
What did you think of it.
It had a lot of action, obviously, but the story line fell.
I like the action, but those type of movies need some kind of story.
This one had none, not really. Just running around and killing mummies.
I do not think I will see it then.
Arnold Schwarznegger is one of my favorite actors.
What movies did you like him in?
Terminator is a classic movie.
Oh, that was one of the best movies.
It's so cool how he was a robot terminating people.
There were plenty of action scenes.
Yeah, I don't like the soft romantic stuff.
It's a pretty fast paced movie.
That's good. I don't like to be bored watching movies.
Arnold movies are always fun to watch.
My favorite Christmas movie of all times is "Die Hard."
"Die Hard" isn't a Christmas movie, it's an action-adventure movie.
It takes place at Christmas. That makes it a Christmas movie.
Fine. Name me one other Christmas movie with guns and explosions in it. If you can do that, I'll admit "Die Hard" is a Christmas movie.
That's too easy. "Home Alone." I bet you think of that as a Christmas movie, don't you?
"Home Alone" is a movie aimed at the entire family. Yes, It's got some action-adventure in it but it's for the entire family.
And I think "Die Hard" is a great movie for the entire family. I think you have a bias against Action-Adventure movies. Don't you want your children to be able to recognize a European scum terrorist/thief?
Honestly, no, that isn't one of my biggest concerns. I love action-adventure movies. I love "Die Hard." But "Die Hard" is Not a Christmas movie.
It Takes place at Christmas. That makes it a Christmas movie.
You're weird!
Did you ever get to go see Kong: Skull Island?
No, I have not. What was it like?
It was quite stunning, the director Jordan Vogt-Roberts did a great job with the action in this movie.
Who starred in the production?
Tom Hiddelston, Brie Larson, Samuel L Jackson and John Goodman were all in this one!
Nice cast, I suspect Tim was the leading man?
Yes, they end up finding an unchartered island together with quite a bit of danger and of course Kong.
It looks better than the last Kong movie they did in Hollywood.
You should go see it, maybe next week if I can I will go with you.
Thanks! That sounds great!
Have you seen any of Vin Diesel's movie?
Oh yes, I love the Fast and the Furious and its sequels
I really liked the first three of those movies.
The car chases were so exciting that I could not look away.
Dwayne Johnson, The Rock, is also in several of those films.
I think he's great. He can do action and he can do comedy.
He was great in San Andreas. Disaster movies are some of my favorite action films.
Did you like The Day after Tomorrow?
That movie had excellent special effects.
I've never seen it, but maybe I will check it out.
Hey, what was the movie where the guy went on a rampage after his dog got killed?
I think you are thinking of John Wick.
Yep, that's the one!
Have you seen it yet?
I was thinking about it. Is it good?
Yeah it's fantastic.
What's so good about it?
There's a vast underground world of assassins which John Wick has to navigate and interact with.
Oh that does sound fun. Are the fight scenes good?
Yeah, the action scenes are some of the best i've ever seen.
...Marvin should have had an opinion.
What now?
Marvin. In Pulp Fiction. He should have had an opinion. That's why he died. He didn't have an opinion.
Yeah Vincent asks him if he thought "God came down and stopped those bullets" and..
..and Marvin says "man I ain't even got an opinion." This triggers Vincent to turn around to ask him again.
..gun in hand...casual conversation..
.."You got to have an opinion! You think that God came down and stopped..." Then bye bye to Marvin's Head.
...gone. One second. A bump in the road. Gone.
He should have just agreed with Vincent. Then Vincent doesn't turn around and shoot him in the face.
Yea, Marvin should have had an opinion.
Arnold Schwazernager, fan?
Absolutely, how about you?
Definitely, what's your favorite Arnold movie?
Terminator 2
Oh right, that was pretty good. A lot of cool effects.
how about you?
I liked Predator
Get to the chopper!!!
Yes, that was an iconic line
Yeah, pretty funny quote
Do you like action movies?
I loved Mad Max Fury Road?
Me too. Whose your favorite character?
Furiosa
Yeah, I can see that. Seems like it was more about Furiosa and Immortan Joe than about Max
I just like her character as she was really strong
I liked her mechanical arm
And her shaved head
Do you think they will make another movie?
I hope so. I love the post nuclear holocaust theme.
What is your favorite action movie?
My favorite action movie is probably Dirty Harry.
That's an interesting choice.
How so?
Well it's not very politically correct in these times because of all the police incidents.
I could see that point of view, but Dirty Harry never killed or hurt anyone that didn't have it coming.
That's true, he never killed an innocent person.
Yeah, Harry was just out to stop someone he knew for sure was a serial killer.
I could see how one might break the rules in that situation.
Yeah, it's somewhat easy to sympathize with Dirty Harry in that film.
Did you ever see Rambo III?
yes, that's where Rambo helps defeat the Russians, right?
Right, he helps the Afghans combat the Russians.
Kind of unsettling to realize they would eventually attack the U.S.
Yes, this was still when the Cold War was up and running
Stallone was pretty ripped back then.
Oh for sure. It was peak Stallone muscle days.
Do you think he used drugs?
PEDs for sure. No way that was natural
yeah, probably not.
My all time favorite flick has got to be Die Hard.
Such a classic.
Bruec Willis in his prime...
I know! He was the man back then.
He just does too much now.
Yeah, he really needs to pick his projects a little more carefully.
I keep see new movies of his on Netflix that I've never even heard of.
I think some of his stuff is missing the theaters.
And rightfully so!
He has been doing some qestionable stuff.
Which is you favorite Lethal Weapon movie?
I'd have to say Lethal Weapon 3.
Why's that?
Because it has both Leo Getz, a Martin Riggs love interest just as tough as him, and Riggs in his fun kind of crazy persona.
Okay, but you have to admit Lethal Weapon 2 also had crazy fun Riggs.
True, ture, but then, after Reika's killed and he finds out the South African's killed his wife, he goes all death wish Martin Riggs again.
Yeah, but he's a little like than in number 3 as well.
When?
When he has that crazy happy look on his face, as open's the door of the armored car, so he can wail on the driver.
Yeah, he defintely looks a little psycho when he does that.
What did you think of the movie Power Rangers?
I felt like it was terrible. I don't understand why people enjoyed it so much.
I feel like the action scenes in Power Rangers were too generic.
They were too generic and also it seemed like the movie was trying too hard to be Politically Correct.
I did like seeing some background information on the character Rita Repulsa though.
It was interesting to find out she was once a Green Ranger.
Do you think they will make a Power Rangers Two?
Maybe. I am not sure though if I would go see it.
What did you think of  the fighting style of the Power Rangers?
It was alright but it could of been better with more believable action scenes.
Have you seen baader meinhof the movie?
No I have not.
It is one of the most amazing action films.
Oh is it?
Yes it shows a guerilla revolution movement in Germany.
Wow that sounds unique.
It is really special.
Ok I will watch it.
It is filled with great action.
Thank you for the recommendation.
I just saw Jack Reacher: Never Go Back.
Who is in it other than Tom Cruise?
Cobie Smulders is the woman.
Anyone else?
Danika Yarosh plays a teenager.  She's pretty good.
Who directed?
Edward Zwick.
Did he work with Cruise before?
Yes, The Last Samurai.
Neat.
